... for I know that queer things happen in this world. It's one of the few things I've really learnt in my life. -- Wittgenstein
96.37% of the people who use statistics in arguments make them up. -- Anon
97.25% of statistics are wrong. -- Anon
A Physicist is someone who averages the first 3 terms of a divergent series... -- Anon
A bore is a man who, when you ask him how he is, tells you. -- Bert Leston Taylor
A bore is a person who deprives you of solitude without providing you with company. -- John MacDonald (The Turquoise Lament)
A careful driver is one who honks his horn when he goes through a red light. -- Henry Morgan
A chat with you, and death loses its sting! -- Blackadder
A clear conscience is merely the result of bad memory. -- Anon
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history, with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. -- Mitch Ratcliffe
A feature is a bug with seniority. -- Anon
A first-rate laboratory is one in which mediocre scientists can produce outstanding work. -- Patrick Maynard Stuart Blackett
A good lie will have travelled half way around the world while the truth is putting on her boots. -- Mark Twain
A good listener is usually thinking about something else. -- Anon
A good wench, give it me! -- William Shakespeare
A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg. -- Samuel Butler
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer. -- Robert Frost
A lie is a very poor way to say hello. -- Keeler
A life with love will have some thorns, but a life without will have no roses. -- Anon
A little suffering is good for the soul. -- Kirk
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad. -- Roosevelt
A man who makes trouble for others is also making trouble for himself. -- Chinua Achebe
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
A man's wife has more power over him than the state has. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A mouse is an animal that, if killed in sufficiently many and creative ways, will generate a PhD. -- Anon
A new study shows that licking the sweat off a frog can cure depression. The down side is, the minute you stop licking, the frog gets depressed again. -- Jay Leno
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day. -- Anon
A polar bear is a rectangular bear after a coordinate transform. -- Anon
A scientist can discover a new star, but he cannot make one. He would have to ask an engineer to do that. -- Gordon L. Glegg
A seminar on time travel will be held two weeks ago. -- Anon
A single death is a tragedy; a million is a statistic. -- Joseph Stalin
A smart man covers his butt, a wise man simply leaves his pants on. -- C.D. Bailey
A vacuum can only exist, I imagine, by the things which enclose it. -- Zelda Fitzgerald
'AOL for Dummies' is kind of redundant, don't you think? -- Anon
According to my calculations, this problem doesn't exist. -- Anon
Act as if it were impossible to fail. -- Anon
Actually this is a common misconception. I do *not* in fact have a lot of time on my hands at all! I just have a very very very very bad sense of priorities. -- Dean Engelhardt
After you've heard two eyewitness accounts of an auto accident it makes you wonder about history. -- Anon
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value. -- Marechal Ferdinand Foch (Professor of Strategy)
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others. -- George Orwell (Animal Farm)
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusions is called a philosopher. -- Ambrose Bierce
All generalizations are false, including this one.  -- Anon
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsion, habit, reason, passion, desire. -- Aristotle
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income. -- Samuel Butler
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for enough good men to do nothing. -- Edmund Burke
All the king's HORSES and all the king's men? Are you kidding me? No wonder they couldn't put Humpty together again. Just what did those idiots expect the horses to do, anyway? -- Seinfeld
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once. -- Hobbes
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. -- Abraham Lincoln
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -- Mark Twain
Ambition never comes to an end. -- Yoshida Kenko
An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered.  An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered. -- G.K. Chesterton
An elephant is a mouse, built to government specifications. -- John Herro
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made in a very narrow field. -- Niels Bohr
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less. -- Nicholas Murray Butler
An intellectual is someone who has been moderated beyond their intelligence. -- Anon
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced. -- Barry Gehm
Anyone who considers arithmatical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin. -- John Von Neumann
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein
Anything that happens enough times to irritate you will happen at least once more. -- Tom Parkin's Continuum
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue. -- Albert Einstein
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. -- Albert Einstein
Astronomers say the universe is finite, which is a comforting thought for those people who can't remember where they leave things. -- Woody Allen
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. -- St. Teresa of Avila
Be good and you will be lonesome. -- Mark Twain
Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting. -- Karl Wallenda
Believe in Darwin; cancer cures smoking. -- Anon
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own. -- Aesop
Black holes are where God divided by zero. -- Stephen Wright
Calling EMACS an editor is like calling the Earth a hunk of dirt. -- Chris DiBona
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit. -- Henry Brooks Adams
Computers may be stupid, but they're always obedient. Well, almost always. -- Larry Wall
Conscience is the inner voice which warns us that someone may be looking. -- H. L. Mencken
Crash programs fail because they are based on theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby in a month. -- Wernher von Braun
Did you know that black paint is an excellent stain remover? -- Dogbert
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater. -- Albert Einstein
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters mt. -- Anon
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. -- some dead guy
Enough research will tend to support your theory. -- Murphy's Law of Research
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. -- Smauel Beckett
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. -- Albert Einstein
Facts are stubborn things. -- John Adams
Facts are stupid things. -- Ronald Reagan
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -- Aldous Huxley
Fifteen religions at least. That's a lot of religions for one God. -- The Virginian (Owen Wilder)
Free markets select for winning solutions. -- Eric S. Raymond
Freedom of speech in Usenet means that when you shout 'Fire!' in a crowded theatre, half the crowd stands up and shouts, 'Wrong theatre!' -- Anon
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too?  I thought I was the only one!' -- C.S. Lewis
Genius is the gold in the mine, talent is the miner who works and brings it out. -- Lady Marguerite Blessington
God is real, unless declared integer. -- Anon
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. -- Anon
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. -- Washington Irving
Great spirits often meet violent opposition with mediocre minds. -- Albert Einstein
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander. -- Aristotle
Heavier-than-air flying machines are impossible. -- Lord Kelvin
Historically speaking, the presence of wheels in Unix has never precluded their reinvention. -- Larry Wall
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. -- J. Robert Oppenheimer (quoting Vishnu from the Gita)
I am diagonally parked in a paralell universe. -- Anon
I am the doubter and the doubt. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use. -- Galileo Galilei
I don't know how the third world war will be fought, but I do know that the fourth one will be fought with sticks and stones. -- Einstein
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed. -- Booker T. Washington
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -- Mark Twain
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory. -- Anon
I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe; because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return. -- Bertrand Russell
I look forward to the invention of faster-than-light travel. What I'm not looking forward to is the long wait in the dark once I arrive at my destination. -- Marc Beland
I no longer wish to belong to the kind of club that accepts people like me as members. -- Groucho Marx
I once cheated on a metaphysics exam. I looked deep into the soul of the student beside me. -- Woody Allen
I suppose if we couldn't laugh at things that don't make sense, we couldn't react to a lot of life. -- Hobbes
I tried to wrestle my inner demons once... but they used to many illegal holds. -- Amanda McAllister
I understand your concerns. Request denied. -- Data
I will prepare, and some day my chance will come. -- Abraham Lincoln
I'm a baaaadd man!! -- Muhammed Ali
I'm a simple man with complex tastes. -- Calvin
I'm afraid of the dark, and suspicious of the light. -- Woody Allen
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. -- Woody Allen
I'm just very selective about what I accept as reality. -- Calvin
I've always wanted to be somebody, but I see now I should have been more specific. -- Lily Tomlin
If A equals success, then the formula is: A = X + Y + Z. X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut. -- Albert Einstein
If I ever meet myself, I'll hit myself so hard I won't know what's hit me. -- Zaphod Beeblebrox (The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)
If good things lasted forever, would we appreciate how precious they are? -- Hobbes
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? -- Albert Einstein
If we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time. -- Edith Wharton
If you are not certain of any fact, you cannot be certain of the meaning of your words either. -- Ludwig Wittgenstein (On Certainty)
If you steal from 1, you are plagarizing. If you steal from 10, you are doing research. If you steal from 100, you are an expert. -- Delaney
If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything. -- Abraham Lincoln
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe. -- Carl Sagan
In America, anybody can be president. That's one of the risks you take. -- Adlai Stevenson
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. -- Douglas Adams
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists? -- Kelvin Throop
It's hard to be mad at someone who misses you while you're asleep. -- Calvin
It's impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -- Woody Allen
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. -- Thomas Edison
Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it. -- Winston Churchill
Last night as I lay in bed looking at the stars I thought 'Where the hell is the ceiling?' -- Anon
Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail. -- Luciano Pavarotti
Life is like a hand of cards. You have to play the hand you're dealt, you can't win by folding, and sometimes you must take chances in order to win. -- Mike Conner
Life is tough, it's tougher when you're stupid. -- John Wayne
Man is certainly stark mad: He cannot make a flea, yet he makes gods by the dozens. -- Montaigne
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as it nothing had happened. -- Winston Churchill
Mistakes are the price we pay for a full life. -- Sophia Loren
Most people are born and years later die without really having lived at all.They play it safe and tiptoe through life with no aspiration other than to arrive at death safely. -- Tony Campolo (Carpe Diem)
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. -- Berthold Auerbach
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
My mother's menu consisted of two choices: Take it or leave it. -- Buddy Hackett
My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way. -- Henny Youngman
Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think. -- Niels Bohr
Never let a day pass that you will have cause to say, 'I will do better tomorrow.' -- Brigham Young
Never mistake motion for action. -- Ernest Hemingway
Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood. -- Marie Curie
It is you who must make the effort. Masters only point the way. -- Buddha
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. -- Sir James Barrie
OK, so what's the speed of dark? -- Stephen Wright
On matters of style, swim with the current, on matters of principle, stand like a rock. -- Thomas Jefferson
Once in Africa I lost the corkscrew and we were forced to live off food and water for weeks. -- Ernest Hemingway
Once the game is over, the king and the pawn go back in the same box. -- Italian Proverb
One of the joys of being a kid is that experiences are new and therefore more intense. -- Calvin (sniffing mustard)
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. -- Albert Einstein
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -- Thomas Edison
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside a dog, it's too dark to read. -- Groucho Marx
People get annoyed when you try to debug them. -- Larry Wall
People never grow up, they just learn how to act in public. -- Bryan White
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic... -- Anon
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it. -- Richard Feynman
Prediction is difficult, especially the future. -- Niels Bohr
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard, and putting off a hard one makes it impossible. -- George H. Lonmer
Reality is a complex, non-linear system. -- John Peterson
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -- George Bernard Shaw
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it. -- C. P. Snow
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition. -- Adam Smith
Some things have to be believed to be seen. -- Ralph Hodgson on ESP
The faster you go, the shorter you are. -- Albert Einstein (on Relativity)
The great tragedy of Science: the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact. -- T. H. Huxley
The great use of life is to spend it for something that outlasts it. -- William James
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing people he didn't exist. -- Roger 'Verbal' Khint (The Usual Suspects)
The important thing is to not stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein
The liberty of the individual must be thus far limited; he must not make a nuisance of himself to other people. -- John Stuart Mill (On Liberty)
The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out. -- Chinese Proverb
The number you have dialed is imaginary. Please rotate phone 90 degrees and try again. -- Anon
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth. -- Niels Bohr
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -- Helen Keller
A desk is a dangerous place from which to view the world. -- John le Carré
The amount of energy necessary to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than to produce it. -- Alberto Brandolini
You do not need a parachute to skydive.  You only need a parachute to skydive twice. -- Anon
Seek the wisdom of the ages, but look at the world through the eyes of a child. -- Ron Wild
Shades of grey wherever I go. The more I find out the less that I know. -- Billy Joel
So many worlds, so much to do. So little done, such things to be. -- Alfred Lord Tennyson
Solitude: A good place to visit, but a poor place to stay. -- Josh Billings
Some are born to sweet delight, some are born to endless night. -- William Blake
Someone sent me a postcard picture of the earth. On the back it said - Wish you were here. -- Steven Wright
Sometimes one should just look at things and think about things without doing things. -- Calvin
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. -- Ambrose Bierce
Start by doing what's necessary, then do what's possible, and suddenly, you are doing the impossible. -- Saint Francis of Assisi
Statistics are like bikinis. What they reveal is suggestive, but what they conceal is vital. -- Aaron Levenstein
Strength is the ability to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands, and then eat just one of those pieces. -- Anon
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. -- General George Patton
Success is not forever and failure isn't fatal. -- Don Shula
Tact: The ability to describe others as they see themselves. -- Abraham Lincoln
Talents are best nurtured in solitude; character is best formed in the stormy billows of the world. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Tech support is a fine art which, once mastered, virtually ensures loss of sanity. -- Joe Thompson
That place is so crowded no one ever goes there anymore. -- Yogi Berra
That's the difference between me and the rest of the world. Happiness isn't good enough for me. I demand euphoria! -- Calvin
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you. Tell him a seat has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch it to be sure. -- Anon
The Theorem Theorem: If if, Then then. -- Anon
The beautiful rests on the foundations of the necessary. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best way to get most husbands to do something is to suggest that perhaps they're too old to do it. -- Ann Bancroft
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. -- J.M.Powers
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and for deeds left undone. -- H. B. Stowe
The first requisite for immortality is death. -- Stanislaw Lem
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance. -- Robert Coveyou
The highest reward for man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it. -- John Ruskin
The greatest waste in the world is the difference between what we are and what we could become. -- Ben Herbster
The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder. -- Ralph W. Sockman
The liar's punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else. -- George Bernard Shaw
The man who rolls up his sleeves seldom loses his shirt. -- Thomas Cowan
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. -- Maureen Dowd
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not Eureka! but That's funny... -- Isaac Asimov
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible. -- Albert Einstein
The movie never ends, but if you wait long enough it gets to a point where it's over. -- Roger Ebert (reviewing Tidal Wave)
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. -- Andrew S. Tanenbaum
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -- H.L. Mencken
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty; not knowing what comes next. -- Ursula K. LeGuin
The opinions expressed herein are not necessarily those of my employer, not necessarily mine, and probably not necessary. -- Anon
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true. -- Robert Oppenheimer
The penalty of success is to be bored by people who used to snub you. -- Nancy Astor
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously. -- Hubert Horatio Humphrey
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage. -- Mark Russell
The second day of a diet is always easier than the first.  By the second day you're off it. -- Jackie Gleason
The sky already fell. Now what? -- Steven Wright
The sky is falling...no, I'm tipping over backwards. -- Steven Wright
The structure of a system reflects the structure of the organization that built it. -- Richard E. Fairley
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer them a drink.  -- Fran Lebowitz
The things we fear most in organizations, fluctuations, disturbances, and imbalances, are the primary sources of creativity. -- Margaret J. Wheatley
The trail is the thing, not the end of the trail. Travel too fast and you miss all you are traveling for. -- Louis L'Amour
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent full of doubt. -- Bertrand Russell
The true measure of a man is not how he behaves in moments of comfort and convenience but how he stands at times of controversy and challenge. -- Martin Luther King Jr.
The twilight zone between living memory and written history is one of the favorite breeding places of mythology. -- C. Vann Woodward
The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -- Eden Phillpotts
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. -- Dolly Parton
The way to do research is to attack the facts at the point of greatest astonishment. -- Celia Green
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost. -- G.K. Chesterton
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. -- Albert Einstein
The world will never starve for wonders; but only for want of wonder. -- G.K. Chesterton
The world's as ugly as sin, and almost as delightful. -- Frederick Locker-Lampson
The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions. -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
There are three kinds of death in this world. There's heart death, there's brain death, and there's being off the network. -- Guy Almes
There are two types of people in this world, good and bad. The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more. -- Woody Allen
There aren't enough days in the weekend. -- Steven Wright
There is a pleasure sure / In being mad, which none but madmen know. -- John Dryden (The Spanish Friar II)
There is a very fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line. -- Oscar Levant
There is more. There is much more. It all adds up to a great deal less. -- Roger Ebert (reviewing Heaven's Gate)
There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity. -- Gen. Douglas MacArthur
There is no sure cure to birth and death save to enjoy the interval. -- George Santayana
There is nothing like a dream to create the future. -- Victor Hugo
There is nothing so annoying as to have two people talking when you're busy interrupting. -- Mark Twain
There's a hell of a distance between wisecracking and wit. Wit has truth in it; wisecracking is simply callisthenics with words. -- Dorthy Parker
There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want. -- Bill Watterson
There's no problem so awful that you can't add some guilt to it and make it even worse! -- Calvin
There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know what you're talking about. -- John von Neumann
There's only one me, and I'm stuck with him. -- Robert L. Stanfield
They deem him their worst enemy who tells them the truth. -- Plato
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. -- Edgar Allan Poe
Things are not as bad as they seem. They are worse. -- Bill Press
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. -- Abraham Lincoln
Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and dreams are the shadow- truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot. -- Neil Gaiman
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -- Art Linkletter
Things won are done; joy's soul lies in the doing. -- William Shakespeare
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought. -- Henri Bergson
Thinking is the talking of the soul with itself. -- Plato
Thirty-five is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart. -- Caryn Leschen
This game lends itself to certain abuses. -- Calvin
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force. -- Dorothy Parker
This is so cool I've to go to the bathroom. -- Calvin
This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper. -- T.S. Eliot
This one's tricky. You have to use imaginary numbers, like eleventeen... -- Hobbes
This mind intentionally left blank. -- Anon
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well. -- Aristotle
Those who will not reason / Perish in the act: / Those who will not act / Perish for that reason. -- W.H. Auden
Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -- Dave Barry
Time is so precious, yet so wasted! -- Anon
To be or not to be is true. Or maybe not. -- G. Boole
To iterate is human; to recurse, divine. -- Robert Heller
To secure peace is to prepare for war. -- Carl von Clausewitz
To swear off making mistakes is very easy. All you have to do is swear off having ideas. -- Leo Burnett
Toe: A part of the foot used to find furniture in the dark. -- Rilla May
Truth is not only violated by falsehood; it may be outraged by silence. -- Henri-Frederic Amiel
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. -- T.H. Huxley
Verbing weirds language. -- Calvin
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. -- Salvor Hardin
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. -- Jonathon Swift
War has become a luxury that only small nations can afford. -- Hannah Arendt
We are so vain that we even care for the opinions of those we don't care for. -- Marie Egner von Eschenbach
We dance round in a ring and suppose, / But the Secret sits in the middle and knows. -- Robert Frost
We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. -- Billy Joel
We fly to beauty as an asylum from the terrors of finite nature. -- Emerson
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office. -- Aesop
We live in a Newtonian world of Einsteinian physics ruled by Frankenstein logic. -- David Russell
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. -- Haruki Murakami
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart. -- Haruki Murakami
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it. -- Haruki Murakami
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. -- Sun Tzu
A room without books is like a body without a soul. -- Marcus Tullius Cicero
You cannot find peace by avoiding life. -- Virginia Woolf
There is music in words, and it can be heard you know, by thinking. -- E.L. Doctorow
We tend to idealize tolerance, then wonder why we find ourselves infested with losers and nut cases. -- Patrick Hayden
What if there were no hypothetical situations? -- Andrew Kohlsmith
What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind. -- Thomas Key
What makes old age so sad is not that our joys but our hopes cease. -- Jean Paul Richter
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy? -- Ursula K. Leguin
What you cannot enforce, do not command. -- Socrates
What's the point of wearing your favorite rocketship underpants if nobodyever asks to see 'em? -- Calvin
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows. -- Michael Landon
When a man says he approves of something in principle, it means he hasn't the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice. -- Otto von Bismarck
When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him *whose*? -- Don Marquis
When a person can no longer laugh at himself, it is time for others to laugh at him. -- Thomas Szasz
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder. -- James H. Boren
When it's dark enough you can see the stars. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us. -- Alexander Graham Bell
When sign makers go on strike, is anything written on their signs? -- George Carlin
When someone tells you something defies description, you can be pretty sure he's going to have a go at it anyway. -- Clyde B. Aster
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally. -- Lao Tse
When we remember we're all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained. -- Mark Twain
When you cannot get a compliment any other way, pay yourself one. -- Mark Twain
When you come to a fork in the road, take it! -- Yogi Berra
When you say I wrote a program that crashed Windows, people just stare at you blankly and say Hey, I got those with the system, *for free*! -- Linus Torvalds
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore? -- Henry Ward Beecher
Whoever ceases to be a student has never been a student. -- George Iles
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them? -- George Carlin
Why do we drink cow's milk? Who was the first guy who first looked at a cow and said I think I'll drink whatever comes out of these things when I squeeze'em!? -- Calvin
Why is it that if you kill a man in war your are a hero, but if you kill a man outside of war you are called a murderer? -- Jonathan Grimes
Why should I have to work for everything? It's like saying that I don't deserve it. -- Calvin
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength. -- Corrie TenBoom
Written on cubicle wall in two parts: What's worse, Ignorance or Apathy? I Don't know and I don't care! -- Anon
You begin saving the world by saving one person at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics. -- Charles Bukowski
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake. -- Jeannette Rankin
You can't step in the same river twice. Each time it is different, and so are you. -- Alice Walker
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him. -- John Morley
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. -- Beverly Sills
You will never *find* time for anything. If you want time, you must make it. -- Charles Buxton
panic(bad_user_access_length executed (not cool, dude)); -- 2.0.38 /usr/src/linux/kernel/panic.c
panic(mother...); -- 2.2.16 /usr/src/linux/drivers/block/cpqarray.c
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself. -- Albert Einstein
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. -- Bob Marley
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for. -- Bob Marley
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. -- Albert Einstein
Do one thing every day that scares you. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. -- Oscar Wilde
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. -- Marilyn Monroe
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -- William Shakespeare
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything. -- Gordon A. Eadie
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living. -- Dr. Seuss
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple. -- Dr. Seuss
Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away. -- Paul Terry
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. -- Marthe Troly-Curtin
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking. -- Haruki Murakami
I love mankind ... it's people I can't stand!! -- Calvin
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead. -- Charles Bukowski
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. -- E.E. Cummings
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. -- Mark Twain
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. -- Mark Twain
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again. -- C.S. Lewis
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame. -- Oscar Wilde
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -- Anne Frank
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -- Thomas Stephen Szasz
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting. -- John Green
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. -- Leo Tolstoy
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music. -- George Carlin
What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person. -- John Green
Not all those who wander are lost. -- J.R.R. Tolkien
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand. -- Kurt Vonnegut
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. -- Albert Einstein
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -- Wayne Gretzky
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. -- Amelia Earhart
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -- Steve Jobs
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. -- Vince Lombardi
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. -- Stephen Covey
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -- Pablo Picasso
The best revenge is massive success. -- Frank Sinatra
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. -- Aristotle
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. -- Plato
Fall seven times and stand up eight. -- Japanese Proverb
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. -- Confucius
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. -- Bill Cosby
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. -- Anon
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. -- Farrah Gray
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. -- Maya Angelou
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. -- Walt Whitman
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got. -- Art Buchwald
He who knows best knows how little he knows. -- Thomas Jefferson
You'll live. Only the best get killed. -- Charles de Gaulle
Sleep is the best meditation. -- Dalai Lama
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit. -- Morgan Freeman
Only the mediocre are always at their best. -- Jean Giraudoux
The best artists know what to leave out. -- Charles de Lint
Most of what they call humility is successfully disguised arrogance. -- Nassim Nicholas Taleb
He who does not travel does not know the value of men. -- Moorish proverb
People travel to faraway places to watch, in fascination, the kind of people they ignore at home. -- Dagobert D. Runes
No one realizes how beautiful it is to travel until he comes home and rests his head on his old, familiar pillow. -- Lin Yutang
Travel is glamorous only in retrospect. -- Paul Theroux
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving. -- Lao Tzu
Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going. -- Paul Theroux
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. -- Andre Gide
If things seem under control, you are just not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. -- John A. Shedd
The unfed mind devours itself. -- Gore Vidal
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. -- Pablo Picasso
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. -- W. Clement Stone
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility. -- Peter Drucker
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it. -- Samuel Butler
We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment. -- Hilaire Belloc
Unless we remember we cannot understand. -- E. M. Forster
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse. -- Florence Nightingale
Things don't have to change the world to be important. -- Steve Jobs
Do not fear mistakes. There are none. -- Miles Davis
Sometimes you have to play a long time to be able to play like yourself. -- Miles Davis
When you're dead, you're done. -- Louis Armstrong
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun. -- Alan W. Watts
The importance and unimportance of the self cannot be exaggerated. -- R.H. Blyth
No praise, no blame. Just so. -- Isaac Marion
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men. -- Plato
Anybody can exercise... But this kind of lethargy takes real discipline. -- Garfield
Good times are ahead! Or behind. Because they sure aren't here. -- Garfield
Yes, it is a memory overhead, but in 2003 AD, who cares? -- linux-2.6.24 ebt_among.h
weird, but documented -- inux-2.6.23 af_packet.c
The computing scientist's main challenge is not to get confused by the complexities of his own making. -- E. W. Dijkstra
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. -- Edsger W. Dijkstra
Unix is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity. -- Dennis Ritchie
Nobody who uses XML knows what they are doing. -- Chris Wenham
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. -- Ron Jeffries
What I cannot build, I do not understand. -- Richard Feynman
I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable. -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
A fool with a tool is a more dangerous fool. -- Anon
Once a new technology starts rolling, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road. -- Stewart Brand
For a successful technology, honesty must take precedence over public relations for nature cannot be fooled. -- Richard Feynman
You're bound to be unhappy if you optimize everything. -- Donald Knuth
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code. -- Robert C. Martin
I object to doing things that computers can do. -- Olin Shivers
Software efficiency halves every 18 months, compensating Moore's Law. -- May's Law
Complexity has nothing to do with intelligence, simplicity does. -- Larry Bossidy
A notation is important for what it leaves out. -- Joseph Stoy
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back. -- Oscar Wilde
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition. -- Marilyn Monroe
Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth. -- Albert Camus
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is. -- Albert Camus
If you're willing to fail interestingly, you tend to succeed interestingly. -- Edward Albee
We crashing again? -- Zoe (Serenity Movie)
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough. -- M.C. Escher
The ego is not master in its own house. -- Sigmund Freud
It matters if you just don't give up. -- Stephen W. Hawking
One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of a new idea. -- Walter Bagehot
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted. -- Steven Wright
A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth. -- William Rogers
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. -- Thomas Huxley
Nothing is too small to know, and nothing too big to attempt. -- W.C. Van Horne
An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject and how to avoid them. -- Werner Karl Heisenberg
If you are sure you understand everything that is going on, you are hopelessly confused. -- Walter F. Mondale
I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. -- Alan Watts
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. -- Albert Einstein
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. -- Albert Einstein
Happiness is an expression of the soul in considered actions. -- Aristotle
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. -- Ansel Adams
There is nothing worse than a brilliant image of a fuzzy concept. -- Ansel Adams
Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone. -- Baltasar Gracian
Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness. -- Bryant McGill
A polite enemy is just as difficult to discredit, as a rude friend is to protect. -- Bryant McGill
People will do anything, no matter how absurd, in order to avoid facing their own soul -- Carl Gustav Jung
There is no better soporific and sedative than skepticism. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself. -- Galileo Galilei
How does a project get to be a year late? One day at a time. -- Fred Brooks
Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something. It's our goal in life to find it and keep it lit. -- Mary Lou Retton
It is no weakness for the wisest man to learn when he is wrong. -- Sophocles
May the best day of your past be the worst day of your future. -- An Irish Song
We sleep soundly in our beds because rough men stand ready to do violence on our behalf. -- George Orwell
A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents. -- G.C. Lichtenberg
Life Begins at the end of your comfort zone. -- Neale Walsch
Problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back. -- Piet Hein
We can never sneer at the stars, mock the dawn, or scoff at the totality of being. -- Abraham Heschel
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- T.S. Eliot
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness. -- Allen Ginsberg
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see. -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. -- Carl Sagan
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. -- Pablo Picasso
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. -- Mark Twain
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The obscure we see eventually. The completely obvious, it seems, takes longer. -- Edward R. Murrow
No matter where you go or what you do, you live your entire life within the confines of your head. -- Terry Josephson
We become aware of the void as we fill it. -- Antonio Porchia
To believe with certainty we must begin with doubting. -- Stanislaus I of Poland
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought. -- Matsuo Basho
Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it. -- Andre Gide
Be curious, not judgmental. -- Walt Whitman
Beware of false knowledge, it is more dangerous than ignorance. -- G.B. Shaw
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion. -- Rumi
If no one cares for you at all, do you even really exist? -- Cassandra Clare
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I'll meet you there. -- Rumi
The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking. -- Christopher Morley
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. -- Antoine De Saint-Exupery
An active mind cannot exist in an inactive body. -- General George S Patton
My mind is my own church. -- Thomas Paine
Beauty is an enormous, unmerited gift given randomly, stupidly. -- Khaled Hosseini (And the Mountains Echoed)
Sometimes I can feel my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living. -- J. S. Foer (Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close)
And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good. -- John Steinbeck (East of Eden)
In spite of everything, I still believe people are really good at heart. -- Anne Frank
The half life of love is forever. -- Junot Diaz (This Is How You Lose Her)
Tomorrow is always fresh, with no mistakes in it yet. -- L. M. Montgomery (Anne of Green Gables)
One must be careful of books, and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us. -- Cassandra Clare (The Infernal Devices)
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat. -- Ralph Ellison (Invisible Man)
And meanwhile time goes about its immemorial work of making everyone look and feel like shit. -- Martin Amis (London Fields)
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing. -- Oscar Wilde
No one forgets the truth; they just get better at lying. -- Richard Yates
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane. -- Philip K. Dick (Valis)
Anyone who ever gave you confidence, you owe them a lot. -- Truman Capote
The only lies for which we are truly punished are those we tell ourselves. -- V. S. Naipaul
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing. -- Herman Melville (Moby Dick)
I can't go back to yesterday because I was a different person then. -- Lewis Carroll (Alice in Wonderland)
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven. -- John Milton (Paradise Lost)
Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that. -- Haruki Murakami (Norwegian Wood)
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from. -- Corman McCarthy
Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful. -- Mary Shelley (Frankenstein)
The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes. -- Nikolai Gogol
From the moment we are born, we begin to die. -- Janne Teller (Nothing)
Sadness is but a wall between two gardens. -- Kahlil Gibran (Sand and Foam)
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now? -- Douglas Adams (The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)
Loneliness becomes an acid that eats away at you. -- Haruki Murakami (1Q84)
The gods do not protect fools. Fools are protected by more capable fools. -- Larry Niven (Ringworld)
Science fiction deals with improbable possibilities, fantasy with plausible impossibilities. -- Miriam Allen de Ford
No book, however good, can survive a hostile reading. -- Orson Scott Card (Ender's Game)
Language exists less to record the actual than to liberate the imagination. -- Anthony Burgess
I am a deeply superficial person. -- Andy Warhol
Of course I can keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't keep them. -- Anthony Haden-Guest
I distinctly remember forgetting that. -- Clara Barton
Always be sincere, even when you don't mean it. -- Irene Peter
I can resist everything but temptation. -- Mark Twain
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. -- Calvin
When a kid grows up, he has to be something. He can't just stay the way he is. But a tiger grows up and stays a tiger why is that? -- Calvin
Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous? -- Calvin
In my opinion, we don't devote nearly enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks. -- Calvin
[I pray for] The strength to change what I can, the inability to accept what I can't, and the incapacity to tell the difference. -- Calvin
I like maxims that don't encourage behavior modification. -- Calvin
Getting an inch of snow is like winning 10 cents in the lottery. -- Calvin
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend. -- Calvin
There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want. -- Calvin
I think night time is dark so you can imagine your fears with less distraction. -- Calvin
Life is full of surprises, but never when you need one. -- Calvin
Great men are not born great, they grow great. -- Mario Puzo (The Godfather)
There is no man living that can not do more than he thinks he can. -- Henry Ford
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser. -- John W. Gardener
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. -- Peter Drucker
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. -- Plato
A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles. -- Christopher Reeve
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. -- Helen Keller
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. -- Antony J. D'Angelo
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -- Abraham Lincoln
Over time, the hurt doesn't hurt. Only regret does. -- Terri Guillemets
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. -- John C. Maxwell
Don't find fault, find a remedy. -- Henry Ford
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. -- Ronald Reagan
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -- C. S. Lewis
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. Edison
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: fear of failure. -- Paulo Coelho
Risk more than others think is safe. Dream more than others think is practical. -- Howard Schultz
When a goal matters enough to a person, the person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. -- Nido Qubein
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -- Lucille Ball
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. -- Harry S. Truman
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. -- William M. Bulgar
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone. -- G. B. Stern
Consider thyself to be dead, and to have completed thy life up to the present time; and live according to nature the remainder which is allowed thee. -- Marcus Aurelius (The Meditations)
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. -- Epictetus
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs; he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
We judge ourselves by our intentions and others by their behaviour. -- Stephen M. R. Covey
Listen, Smile, Agree. And then do whatever the fuck you were gonna do anyway. -- Robert Downey Jr.
Remember that guy that gave up? Neither does anybody else. -- Anon
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. -- William Wallace
One of the ironies of courage, and the reason why we prize it so highly, is that we find it easier to be brave for someone else than we do for ourselves alone. -- Gregory David Roberts
The Devil doesn't come dressed in a red cape and pointed horns. He comes as everything you've ever wished for. -- Tucker Max
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. -- Soren Kierkegaard
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -- Confucius
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails. -- Dolly Parton
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do. -- Henry Ford
As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death. -- Leonardo DaVinci
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -- Robert Frost
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself. -- Harvey Fierstein
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. -- Henry David Thoreau
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is clear, simple, and wrong. -- H. L. Mencken
Have I not destroyed my enemy when I have made him into my friend? -- Abraham Lincoln
Do not attribute to malice what can easily be explained by stupidity. -- Robert J. Hanlon
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable. -- Dwight David Eisenhower
All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery (The Little Prince)
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself. -- Rumi
If you're good at something, never do it for free. -- Joker (The Dark Kight)
The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don't tell you what to see. -- Alexandra K. Trenfor
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength. -- Eric Hoffer
Silence is the severest criticism. -- Charles Buxton
Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer. -- Joseph Cambell
The most terrifying fact about the universe is not that it is hostile but that it is indifferent. -- Stanley Kubrick
Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies. -- Nelson Mandela
I've always been afraid of the guy whose IQ is 190 and he thinks it's 250. -- Charlie Munger
There are no morals in logic. -- Rudolf Carnap
The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little. -- Thomas Merton
A path is made by walking on it. -- Zhuangzi
I know too much and not enough. -- Allen Ginsberg
What a terrible mistake to let go of something wonderful for something real. -- Miranda July
I need to look as normal as possible so people don't know it's a hurricane inside. -- Gabby Dunn
Jobs fill your pocket. Adventures fill your soul. -- Jaime Lyn Beatty
Not a word passes between us, not because we have nothing to say, but because we don't have to say anything. -- Khaled Hosseini (The Kite Runner)
You learn more by being specifically wrong than by being vaguely right. -- Zia Khan
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. -- Lao Tzu
One day, I plan to love so loudly, my body abandons every demon harvesting me. -- Arati Warrier (Alive)
Serious thought always leads to being lost in thought, because it takes you down unfamiliar paths. -- Michael Lipsey
Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit, and as vital to our lives as water and good bread. -- Edward Abbey
When you do something, you should burn yourself completely like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself. -- Shunryu Suzuki
You're getting too caught up in things that don't matter. -- Anon
We are products of our past but we don't have to be  prisoners of it. -- Rick Warren
Every word has consequences. Every silence, too. -- Jean-Paul Sartre
Hope, but never expect. Look forward, but never wait. -- Anon
That's the trouble with loving a wild thing: You're always left watching the door. -- Edith Pottou
If I do not write to empty my mind, I go mad. -- Lord Byron
A soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone. -- J. W. von Goethe
I'm a mess of unfinished thoughts. -- John Mayer
Politics is the entertainment division of the military industrial complex. -- Frank Zappa
Your only problem, perhaps, is that you scream without letting yourself cry. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger. -- Sara Evans
Have a mind that is open to everything, and attached to nothing. -- Anon
You can't calm the storm, so stop trying. What you can do is calm yourself. The storm will pass. -- Timber Hawkeye
Whatever life takes away from you, let it go. -- Don Miguel Ruiz
Do not mock a pain that you have not endured. -- Anon
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. -- Malcolm Forbes
It took me 17 years and 114 days to become an overnight success. -- Lionel Messi
If you don't have confidence, you'll always find a way not to win. -- Carl Lewis
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't. -- Andy Roddick
We are all broken, that's how the light gets in. -- Ernest Hemingway
Be melting snow. Wash yourself of yourself. -- Rumi
Sports do not build character. They reveal it. -- Heywood Broun
Golf is a good walk spoiled. -- Mark Twain
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -- Billie Jean King
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser. -- Vince Lombardi
The best way out is always through. -- Robert Frost
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. -- Benjamin Franklin
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. -- Philip Sidney
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. -- Pablo Picasso
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. -- Pablo Picasso
Good artists copy, great artists steal. -- Pablo Picasso
Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing. -- Salvador Dali
We live in a rainbow of chaos. -- Paul Cezanne
Fear is wisdom in the face of danger, it's nothing to be ashamed of. -- Sherlock Holmes (Sherlock)
Don't tell me, I might think about it! -- Frank Stahl
Nothing happens until something moves. -- Albert Einstein
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded. -- Terry Pratchett (Lords and Ladies)
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress. -- Niels Bohr
Time becomes meaningless without memory. -- Jon Edgell (Resolution)
To die for a religion is easier than to live it absolutely. -- Jorge Luis Borges
Heaven and hell seem out of proportion to me: the actions of men do not deserve so much. -- Jorge Luis Borges
Life itself is a quotation. -- Jorge Luis Borges
Nothing is built on stone; All is built on sand, but we must build as if the sand were stone. -- Jorge Luis Borges
We accept reality so readily - perhaps because we sense that nothing is real. -- Jorge Luis Borges
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become. -- C.G. Jung
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. -- Jean-Paul Sartre
Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity. -- Brian Rathbone (Regent)
Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history. -- Barbara Kingsolver (The Poisonwood Bible)
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday. -- Munia Khan
Only those who leave home ever really find it. -- Gene Ruyle
We all are rich and ignore the buried fact of accumulated wisdom. -- Ray Bradbury (Zen in the Art of Writing)
Sometimes when you try to change the world, the world changes you! -- Alex Haditaghi
Because of the rush of human knowledge, because of the digital revolution, I have a voice, and I do not need to scream. -- Roger Ebert
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure. -- Stanley McChrystal
An innovator is one who does not know it cannot be done. -- R.A. Mashelkar
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. -- Albert Einstein
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works. -- Douglas Adams
Disasters have a way of not happening. -- Byron Wien
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. -- Jim Rohn
Reputation is for time; character is for eternity. -- J. B. Gough
The power to choose your tomorrow, not your circumstances today, determines your success. -- Lawrence Colbert
Unless you're willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won't happen. -- Philip Adams
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
I have always liked quiet people. You never know if they're simply dancing in a daydream or if they're carrying the weight of the world. -- Anon
I have woven a parachute out of everything broken. -- William Stafford
When people treat you like they don't care, believe them. -- Anon
Although the butterfly and caterpillar are completely different, they are one and the same. -- Hendrick Lamar
Like all great travelers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen. -- Isaac Disraeli
When there are books to be burned, human beings will be burned afterwards. -- Henrich Heine
There is a huge amount of freedom that comes to you when you take nothing personally. -- Don Miguel Ruiz
Poetry is not a silent art. The poem must perform, unaided, in its reader's head. -- Christopher Logue
Welcome to an Internet withour privacy, and we've ended up here with hardly a fight. -- Bruce Schneier
A father is a man who fails every day. -- Michael Chabon
The reason angels can fly is because they take themselves lightly. -- G.K. Chesterton
When words become unclear, I shal focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence. -- Ansel Adams
The best thing about UDP jones is that I don't care if you get them or not. -- Anon
The old is dying and the new cannot be born. -- Antonio Gramsci
A man is a god in ruins. -- Emerson
The best things in life aren't things. -- Anon
The man who views the world at fifty the same as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life. -- Muhammad Ali
I think that comedy is the quintessential human reaction to the fear of death. -- Umberto Eco
My definition of an expert in any field is a person who knows enough about what's really going on to be scared. -- P.J. Plauger
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise. -- Frank Ocean
People demand freedom of speech as compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use. -- Kierkegaard
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity. -- Dorothy Parker
Decisions are made by those who show up. -- Jennifer Pahlka
If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it. -- Albert Einstein
Not long ago what we have today was so implausible that nobody bothered to say it would never happen. -- Marc Andreessen
I've always been very careful never to predict anything that has not already happened. -- Marshall McLuhan
The first 90% of a project is a lot easier than the second 90%. -- Tim Sweeney
If you don't like change, you are going to like irrelevance even less. -- General Shinseki
Different is better when it is more effective or more fun. -- Tim Ferriss
People will choose unhappiness over uncertainty. -- Tim Ferriss
Many a false step was made by standing still. -- Tim Ferriss
Age doesn't matter: an open mind does. -- Tim Ferriss
Life is too short to be small. -- Tim Ferriss
The bottom line is that you only have the rights you fight for. -- Tim Ferriss
Calm is contagious. -- Rorke Denver
Strong views, loosely held. -- Marc Andreessen
If more information was the answer, then we'd all be billionaires with perfect abs. -- Derek Sivers
Investing in yourself is the most important investment you'll ever make in your life. -- Warren Buffet
If you want to be taken seriously then take things seriously. -- Edward Norton
When you complain, nobody wants to help you. -- Tracy DiNunzio
Every single thing in your company breaks every time you roughly triple in size. -- Phil Libin
Don't try and find time. Schedule time. -- Noah Kagan
How are you complicit in creating the conditions you say you don't want? -- Jerry Colonna
If you want to be tougher, it's simple. Be tougher. Don't meditate on it. -- Jocko Willink
Routine, in an intelligent man, is a sign of ambition.  -- W. H. Auden
A good photograph is knowing where to stand. -- Ansel Adams
Sometimes you need to allow life to save you from getting what you want. -- Brandon Stanton
Nothing in life is as important as you think it is when you are thinking about it. -- Daniel Kahneman
The most beautiful orchids grow in sh#t. -- David Lee Roth
The secret to being good at anything is to approach it like a curious idiot, rather than a know-it-all genius. -- Austin Kleon
In a gold rush, sell shovels -- Anon
Every day is an opportunity to create a living masterpiece. -- Michael Gervais
Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want. -- Naval Ravikant
Not dead, can't quit.  -- Kyle Maynard
Busy is a decision. -- Debbie Millman
You don't find the time to do something; you make the time to do things. -- Debbie Millman
One should use common words to say uncommon things. -- Arthur Schopenhauer
If you're not being criticized, you're probably not doing anything exceptional. -- Neil Strauss
Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard life. -- Jerzy Gregorek
Reinvent yourself regularly. -- Peter Guber
To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing, be nothing. -- Elbert Hubbard
Discipline equals freedom. -- Jocko Willink
If you want to have more, do more, and be more, it all begins with the voice that no one else hears. -- Tim Ferriss
Don't believe everything you think. -- BJ Miller
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. -- Albert Einsten
If you let pride stop you, you will hate life. -- Tim Ferriss
Ego is about who's right. Truth is about what's right. -- Mike Maples Jr.
No one owes you anything. -- Amelia Boone
Originality only happens on the edges of reality. -- Darren Aronofsky
Courage over comfort. -- Brene Brown
Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality. -- Ralph Marston
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be One. -- Marcus Aurelius
It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own. -- Marcus Aurelius
If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it. -- Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. -- Marcus Aurelius
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think. -- Marcus Aurelius
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself. -- Marcus Aurelius
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more in imagination than in reality. -- Seneca
If a man knows not which port he sails, no wind is favorable. -- Seneca
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive. -- Seneca
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future. -- Seneca
How does it help, to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them? -- Seneca
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself? -- Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. -- Epictetus
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. -- Epictetus
I begin to speak only when I'm certain what I'll say isn't better left unsaid. -- Cato
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. -- Viktor Frankl
Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant. -- Seneca
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish. -- Marcus Aurelius
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. -- Seneca
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable. -- Seneca
It is not the man who has too little that is poor, but the one who hankers after more. -- Seneca
Misfortune nobly born is good fortune. -- Marcus Aurelius
It is impossible to lose everything and still be alive. -- Mokokoma Mokhonoana
Sometimes, even to live is an act of courage. -- Seneca
The willing are led by fate, the reluctant are dragged. -- Cleanthes of Assos
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. -- Seneca
All cruelty springs from weakness. -- Seneca
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. -- Seneca
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. -- Seneca
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms, you'll be able to use them better when you're older. -- Seneca
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. -- Seneca
You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire. -- Seneca
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. -- Seneca
What need is there to weep over parts of life? The whole of it calls for tears. -- Seneca
He who is brave is free. -- Seneca
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. -- Seneca
He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary. -- Seneca
Only time can heal what reason cannot. -- Seneca
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power. -- Seneca
The sun also shines on the wicked. -- Seneca
As long as you live, keep learning how to live. -- Seneca
We learn not in the school, but in life. -- Seneca
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. -- Seneca
Life is long, if you know how to use it. -- Seneca
There is no genius without a touch of madness. -- Seneca
To wish to be well is a part of becoming well. -- Seneca
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. -- Seneca
We cease to be so angry once we cease to be so hopeful. -- Seneca
Happiness does not lead to gratitude. Gratitude leads to happiness. -- Benedictine monk David Steindl-Rast
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. -- H. S. Truman
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. -- Carlos Castaneda
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -- George Bernard Shaw
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future. -- Anon
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. -- Soren Kierkegaard
Less but better. -- Dieter Rams
Decide who you're not before you decide who you are. -- Questlove
No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. -- Nietzsche
Don't be the best. Be the only. -- Jerry Garcia
If you really want to learn how something works, try to change it. -- Matt Mazur
For something to be beautiful it doesn't have to be pretty. -- Rei Kawakubo
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere. -- Frank A. Clark
Eighty percent of success is showing up. -- Woody Allen
We waste our energy and exhaust ourselves with the insistence that life be otherwise. -- Frank Ostaseski
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? -- George Eliot
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
A house divided against itself cannot stand. -- Abraham Lincoln
A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me. -- Abraham Lincoln
All I am, or can be, I owe to my angel mother. -- Abraham Lincoln
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
As our case is new, we must think and act anew. -- Abraham Lincoln
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. -- Abraham Lincoln
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it the tree is the real thing. -- Abraham Lincoln
Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them. -- Abraham Lincoln
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. -- Abraham Lincoln
I don't like that man. I must get to know him better. -- Abraham Lincoln
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice. -- Abraham Lincoln
I will prepare and some day my chance will come. -- Abraham Lincoln
I'm a slow walker, but I never walk back. -- Abraham Lincoln
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my axe. -- Abraham Lincoln
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt. -- Abraham Lincoln
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right. -- Abraham Lincoln
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend. -- Abraham Lincoln
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew. -- Abraham Lincoln
There is nothing true anywhere, The true is nowhere to be seen If you say you see the true, This seeing is not the true one. -- Abraham Lincoln
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves. -- Abraham Lincoln
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. -- Abraham Lincoln
All my life I have tried to pluck a thistle and plant a flower wherever the flower would grow in thought and mind. -- Abraham Lincoln
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. -- Abraham Lincoln
A perfection of means, and confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem. -- Albert Einstein
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. -- Albert Einstein
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser. -- Albert Einstein
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. -- Albert Einstein
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either. -- Albert Einstein
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age. -- Albert Einstein
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. -- Albert Einstein
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. -- Albert Einstein
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. -- Albert Einstein
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. -- Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. -- Albert Einstein
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. -- Albert Einstein
Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them. -- Albert Einstein
Peace cannot be kept by force it can only be achieved by understanding. -- Albert Einstein
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -- Albert Einstein
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. -- Albert Einstein
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. -- Confucius
The object of the superior man is truth. -- Confucius
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. -- Confucius
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -- Confucius
The essence of knowledge is, having it, to apply it not having it, to confess your ignorance. -- Confucius
Learn as though you would never be able to master it hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it. -- Confucius
When prosperity comes, do not use all of it. -- Confucius
The superior man understands what is right the inferior man understands what will sell. -- Confucius
Think no vice so small that you may commit it, and no virtue so small that you may over look it. -- Confucius
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. -- Confucius
Don't be concerned others not appreciating you. Be concerned about your not appreciating others. -- Confucius
Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day of your life. -- Confucius
When anger rises, think of the consequences. -- Confucius
If you don't know how to live, why wonder about death?. -- Confucius
The expectations of life depend upon diligence the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools. -- Confucius
He who will not economize will have to agonize. -- Confucius
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home. -- Confucius
Gravity is only the bark of wisdom's tree but it preserves it. -- Confucius
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. -- Confucius
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change. -- Confucius
Sincerity and truth are the basis of every virtue. -- Confucius
Do not worry about holding high position worry rather about playing your proper role. -- Confucius
Man who stand on hill with mouth open will wait long time for roast duck to drop in. -- Confucius
Don't complain about the snow on your neighbor's roof when your own doorstep is unclean. -- Confucius
The superior man thinks only of virtue the common man thinks only of comfort. -- Confucius
If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed if in terms of ten years, plant trees if in terms of 100 years, teach the people. -- Confucius
To go too far is as bad as to fall short. -- Confucius
It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness. -- Confucius
When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves. -- Confucius
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. -- Confucius
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses. -- Confucius
The gentleman understands rightousness, the petty man understands interest. -- Confucius
Can there be a love which does not make demands on its object?. -- Confucius
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. -- Confucius
He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own. -- Confucius
It is man that makes truth great, not truth that makes man great. -- Confucius
By three methods we may learn wisdom: first, by reflection which is noblest second, by imitation, which is the easiest and third, by experience, which is the bitterest. -- Confucius
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection. -- Dalai Lama
I believe that the very purpose of our life is to seek happiness. That is clear. Whether one believes in religion or not, whether one believes in this religion or that religion, we all are seeking something better in life. So, I think, the very motion of our life is towards happiness. -- Dalai Lama
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. -- Dalai Lama
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple the philosophy is kindness. -- Dalai Lama
If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it. -- Dalai Lama
Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values. -- Dalai Lama
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness ... the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives. -- Dalai Lama
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. -- Dalai Lama
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves. -- Dalai Lama
Be kind whenever possible.It is always possible. -- Dalai Lama
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. -- Dalai Lama
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. -- Dalai Lama
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. -- Dalai Lama
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace. -- Dalai Lama
Whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn't anyone who doesn't appreciate kindness and compassion. -- Dalai Lama
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples my philosophy is kindness. -- Dalai Lama
If you can, help others if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. -- Dalai Lama
If you don't love yourself, you cannot love others. You will not be able to love others. If you have no compassion for yourself then you are not able of developing compassion for others. -- Dalai Lama
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. -- Dalai Lama
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. -- Dalai Lama
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. -- Dalai Lama
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive. -- Dalai Lama
It is necessary to help others, not only in our prayers, but in our daily lives. If we find we cannot help others, the least we can do is to desist from harming them. -- Dalai Lama
Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life. -- Dalai Lama
Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something, and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent. -- Dalai Lama
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come. -- Dalai Lama
The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual's own reason and critical analysis. -- Dalai Lama
What does not destroy me, makes me strong. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Speaking generally, punishment hardens and numbs, it produces concentration, it sharpens the consciousness of alienation, it strengthens the power of resistance. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Insanity in individuals is rare - but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs, it is the rule. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
When a hundred men stand together, each of them loses his mind and gets another one. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
In Heaven, all the interesting people are missing. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance one cannot fly into flying. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The abdomen is the reason why man does not easily take himself for a god. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Should not the giver be thankful that the receiver received? Is not giving a need? Is not receiving, mercy?. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
To do great things is difficult, but to command great things is more difficult. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
It is not the strength, but the duration, of great sentiments that makes great men. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The historian looks backward. In the end he also believes backward. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Everyone who has ever built anywhere a 'new heaven' first found the power thereto in his own hell. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The more you let yourself go, the less others let you go. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
A joke is an epigram on the death of a feeling. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The lie is a condition of life. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
He who has a why to live can bear with almost any how. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good thing for the first time. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
When one has not had a good father, one must create one. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
A politician divides mankind into two classes: tools and enemies. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
There are no facts, only interpretations. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Women can form a friendship with a man very well but to preserve it, a slight physical antipathy most probably helps. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Sometimes we owe a friend to the lucky circumstance that we give him no cause for envy. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Shared joys make a friend, not shared sufferings. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Strong hope is a much greater stimulant of life than any single realized joy could be. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
For every man there exists a bait which he cannot resist swallowing. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Many are stubborn in pursuit of the path they have chosen, few in pursuit of the goal. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
The errors of great men are venerable because they are more fruitful than the truths of little men. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
What is evil? - Whatever springs from weakness. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
There are no eternal facts, as there are no absolute truths. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Better know nothing than half-know many things. -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right. -- Henry Ford
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. -- Henry Ford
Failure is simply an opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals. -- Henry Ford
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. -- Henry Ford
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -- Henry Ford
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason so few engage in it. -- Henry Ford
Don't find fault, find a remedy anybody can complain. -- Henry Ford
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about. -- Henry Ford
It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste. -- Henry Ford
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. -- Henry Ford
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice. -- Henry Ford
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. -- Henry Ford
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it .... -- Henry Ford
Coming together is the beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. -- Henry Ford
One of the greatest discoveries a person makes, one of their great surprises, is to find they can do what they were afraid they couldn't do. -- Henry Ford
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. -- Henry Ford
You say I started out with practically nothing, but that isn't correct. We all start with all there is, it's how we use it that makes things possible. -- Henry Ford
Vision without execution is just hallucination. -- Henry Ford
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. -- Henry Ford
You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year. -- Henry Ford
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. -- Henry Ford
I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to. -- Jimi Hendrix
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace. -- Jimi Hendrix
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. -- Jimi Hendrix
The story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye...until we meet again. -- Jimi Hendrix
You have to go on and be crazy. Craziness is like heaven. -- Jimi Hendrix
I used to live in a room full of mirrors all I could see was me. I take my spirit and I crash my mirrors, now the whole world is here for me to see. -- Jimi Hendrix
In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first. -- Jimi Hendrix
The story of life is quicker than the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye. -- Jimi Hendrix
Im the one who's gonna die when its time for me to die...so let me live my life the way I want to... -- Jimi Hendrix
When the power of love, will overcome the love of power the world will know peace. -- Jimi Hendrix
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music. -- Jimi Hendrix
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -- John Lennon
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted. -- John Lennon
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one. -- John Lennon
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot. -- John Lennon
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality. -- John Lennon
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears. -- John Lennon
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace. -- John Lennon
The more I see, the less I know for sure. -- John Lennon
Living is Easy with Eyes Closed. -- John Lennon
If someone thinks that peace and love are just a cliche that must have been left behind in the 60s, that's a problem. Peace and love are eternal. -- John Lennon
There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be... -- John Lennon
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. -- John Lennon
One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside. -- John Lennon
God is a concept by which we measure our pain. -- John Lennon
Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns it calls me on and on across the universe. -- John Lennon
When you're drowning you don't think, 'I would be incredibly pleased if someone would notice I'm drowning and come and rescue me.' You just scream. -- John Lennon
War is over ... If you want it. -- John Lennon
Love is like a flower-you've got to let it grow. -- John Lennon
I get by with a little help from my friends. -- John Lennon
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. -- John Lennon
How can I go forward when I don't know which way I'm facing?. -- John Lennon
The thing the sixties did was to show us the possibilities and the responsibility that we all had. It wasn't the answer. It just gave us a glimpse of the possibility. -- John Lennon
Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. -- John Lennon
Religion is the impotence of the human mind to deal with occurrences it cannot understand. -- Karl Marx
The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people. -- Karl Marx
Democracy is the road to socialism. -- Karl Marx
The theory of Communism may be summed up in one sentence: Abolish all private property. -- Karl Marx
Anyone who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without feminine upheaval. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex, the ugly ones included. -- Karl Marx
Sell a man a fish, he eats for a day, teach a man how to fish, you ruin a wonderful business opportunity. -- Karl Marx
Capital is dead labor, which, vampire-like, lives only by sucking living labor, and lives the more, the more labor it sucks. -- Karl Marx
Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time. -- Karl Marx
Workers of the world unite you have nothing to lose but your chains. -- Karl Marx
Religion is the opium of the masses. -- Karl Marx
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce. -- Karl Marx
Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious. Freedom is the consciousness of necessity. -- Karl Marx
Go on, get out. Last words are for fools who haven't said enough. -- Karl Marx
Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people. -- Karl Marx
The social principles of Christianity preach cowardice, self-contempt, abasement, submission, humility, in a word all the qualities of the canaille. -- Karl Marx
For the bureaucrat, the world is a mere object to be manipulated by him. -- Karl Marx
The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion. -- Karl Marx
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs. -- Karl Marx
The rich will do anything for the poor but get off their backs. -- Karl Marx
The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism. -- Karl Marx
Landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed. -- Karl Marx
The reality of the building does not consist in the roof and walls, but in the space within to be lived in. -- Lao Tzu
To lead the people, walk behind them. -- Lao Tzu
Nature is not human-hearted. -- Lao Tzu
Manifest plainness, Embrace simplicity, Reduce selfishness, Have few desires. -- Lao Tzu
Seek not happiness too greedily, and be not fearful of unhappiness. -- Lao Tzu
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. -- Lao Tzu
He who has no faith in others shall find no faith in them. -- Lao Tzu
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment. -- Lao Tzu
He who conquers others is strong he who conquers himself is mighty. -- Lao Tzu
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar. -- Lao Tzu
As the soft yield of water cleaves obstinate stone, So to yield with life solves the insolvable: To yield, I have learned, is to come back again. -- Lao Tzu
Failure is the foundation of success, and the means by which it is achieved. -- Lao Tzu
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses. -- Lao Tzu
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. -- Lao Tzu
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. -- Lao Tzu
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. -- Lao Tzu
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. -- Lao Tzu
One can not reflect in streaming water. Only those who know internal peace can give it to others. -- Lao Tzu
At the center of your being you have the answer you know who you are and you know what you want. -- Lao Tzu
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. -- Lao Tzu
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. -- Lao Tzu
Great acts are made up of small deeds. -- Lao Tzu
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. -- Lao Tzu
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence. -- Lao Tzu
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides. -- Lao Tzu
A good traveller has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving. -- Lao Tzu
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it. -- Lao Tzu
He who talks more is sooner exhausted. -- Lao Tzu
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. -- Marcus Aurelius
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. -- Marcus Aurelius
Our life is what our thoughts make it. -- Marcus Aurelius
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane. -- Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together,but do so with all your heart. -- Marcus Aurelius
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -- Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. -- Marcus Aurelius
When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ... -- Marcus Aurelius
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. -- Marcus Aurelius
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are. -- Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. -- Marcus Aurelius
Very little is needed to make a happy life it is all within yourself in your way of thinking. -- Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. -- Marcus Aurelius
Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?. -- Marcus Aurelius
Humans have come into being for the sake of each other, so either teach them, or learn to bear them. -- Marcus Aurelius
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present. -- Marcus Aurelius
Neither worse then or better is a thing made by being praised. -- Marcus Aurelius
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. -- Mark Twain
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow. -- Mark Twain
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. -- Mark Twain
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. -- Mark Twain
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. -- Mark Twain
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it. -- Mark Twain
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. -- Mark Twain
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company. -- Mark Twain
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. -- Mark Twain
In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them. -- Mark Twain
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -- Mark Twain
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very	' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be. -- Mark Twain
But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?. -- Mark Twain
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didnt know. -- Mark Twain
Loyalty to country always. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it. -- Mark Twain
Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been. -- Mark Twain
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities Truth isn't. -- Mark Twain
Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other. -- Mark Twain
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. -- Mark Twain
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident. -- Mark Twain
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed. -- Mark Twain
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man. -- Mark Twain
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else. -- Mark Twain
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear. -- Mark Twain
The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also. -- Mark Twain
Darkness cannot drive out darkness only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate only love can do that. -- Martin Luther King
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase. -- Martin Luther King
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -- Martin Luther King
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. -- Martin Luther King
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. -- Martin Luther King
Let no man pull you low enough to hate him. -- Martin Luther King
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward. -- Martin Luther King
If a man hasn't discovered something he will die for, he isn't fit to live. -- Martin Luther King
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -- Martin Luther King
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education. -- Martin Luther King
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -- Martin Luther King
Only in the darkness, you are able to see the stars. -- Martin Luther King
Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others. -- Martin Luther King
I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls. -- Martin Luther King
Wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows. -- Martin Luther King
Not only will we have to repent for the sins of bad people but we also will have to repent for the appalling silence of good people. -- Martin Luther King
The choice is not between violence and nonviolence but between nonviolence and nonexistence. -- Martin Luther King
Never forget that everything Hitler did in Germany was legal. -- Martin Luther King
The time is always right to do the right thing. -- Martin Luther King
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. -- Martin Luther King
No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for. -- Martin Luther King
We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools. -- Martin Luther King
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love. -- Martin Luther King
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy to a friend. -- Martin Luther King
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -- Mohandas Gandhi
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. -- Mohandas Gandhi
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Where there is love there is life. -- Mohandas Gandhi
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. -- Mohandas Gandhi
God has no religion. -- Mohandas Gandhi
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet. -- Mohandas Gandhi
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. -- Mohandas Gandhi
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -- Mohandas Gandhi
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. -- Mohandas Gandhi
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty. -- Mohandas Gandhi
I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary the evil it does is permanent. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love. -- Mohandas Gandhi
The earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Action expresses priorities. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Love is the strongest force the world possesses and yet it is the humblest imaginable. -- Mohandas Gandhi
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind. -- Mohandas Gandhi
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever. -- Mohandas Gandhi
I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world. -- Mohandas Gandhi
There is no 'way to peace,' there is only 'peace. -- Mohandas Gandhi
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. -- Mohandas Gandhi
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love. -- Mother Teresa
If you can't feed a hundred people, then just feed one. -- Mother Teresa
We cannot do great things on this Earth, only small things with great love. -- Mother Teresa
Being unwanted, unloved, uncared for, forgotten by everybody, I think that is a much greater hunger, a much greater poverty than the person who has nothing to eat. -- Mother Teresa
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. A joyful heart is the inevitable result of a heart burning with love. -- Mother Teresa
It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters. -- Mother Teresa
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody. -- Mother Teresa
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile. -- Mother Teresa
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -- Mother Teresa
I am not sure exactly what Heaven will be like. But I do know that when we die and if comes the time for God to judge us, He will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' Rather He will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?'. -- Mother Teresa
Jesus said love one another. He didn't say love the whole world. -- Mother Teresa
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -- Mother Teresa
Peace begins with a smile.. -- Mother Teresa
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -- Mother Teresa
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin. -- Mother Teresa
Live simply so others may simply live. -- Mother Teresa
Never travel faster than your guardian angel can fly. -- Mother Teresa
What can you do to promote world peace? Go home and love your family. -- Mother Teresa
A life not lived for others is not a life. -- Mother Teresa
If you are humble nothing will touch you, neither praise nor disgrace, because you know what you are. -- Mother Teresa
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'. -- Muhammad Ali
If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it. -- Muhammad Ali
The man with no imagination has no wings. -- Muhammad Ali
Hating people because of their color is wrong. And it doesn't matter which color does the hating. It's just plain wrong. -- Muhammad Ali
You lose nothing when fighting for a cause ... In my mind the losers are those who don't have a cause they care about. -- Muhammad Ali
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If youre not, pretend you are. -- Muhammad Ali
What you're thinking is what you're becoming. -- Muhammad Ali
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them -- a desire, a dream, a vision. -- Muhammad Ali
Others may know pleasure, but pleasure is not happiness. It has no more importance than a shadow following a man. -- Muhammad Ali
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -- Muhammad Ali
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
In politics, stupidity is not a handicap. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet. Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
You can not lead a battle if you think you look silly on a horse. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
History is a set of lies agreed upon. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Never ascribe to malice that which can adequately be explained by incompetence. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action comes, stop thinking and go in. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
You don't reason with intellectuals. You shoot them. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Men are Moved by two levers only: fear and self interest. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
The only victory over love is flight. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
The extent of your consciousness is limited only by your ability to love and to embrace with your love the space around you, and all it contains. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Never tell your enemy he is doing the wrong thing. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
I have seen only You, I have admired only You, I desire only You. -- Napoleon Bonaparte
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -- Napoleon Hill
No man ever achieved worthwhile success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure. -- Napoleon Hill
Success comes to those who become success conscious. Failure comes to those who indifferently allow themselves to become failure conscious. -- Napoleon Hill
The starting point of all achievement is desire. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small amount of fire makes a small amount of heat. -- Napoleon Hill
If you're not learning while you're earning, you're cheating yourself out of the better portion of your compensation. -- Napoleon Hill
There is one quality which one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it. -- Napoleon Hill
Find out what you really love to do, and then find a way to make a good living doing it. -- Napoleon Hill
All achievement, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. -- Napoleon Hill
One of the most common causes of failure is the habit of quitting when one is overtaken by temporary defeat. -- Napoleon Hill
One of the main weaknesses of mankind is the average man's familiarity with the word 'impossible'. -- Napoleon Hill
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. -- Napoleon Hill
No one ever is defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality. -- Napoleon Hill
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. -- Napoleon Hill
I fully realize that no wealth or position can long endure, unless built upon truth and justice therefore, I will engage in no transaction which does not benefit all whom it affects. -- Napoleon Hill
There is one weakness in people for which there is no remedy. It is the universal weakness of lack of ambition. -- Napoleon Hill
The successful leader must be willing to assume responsibility for the mistakes and the shortcomings of his followers. -- Napoleon Hill
The successful leader must plan his work and work his plan. -- Napoleon Hill
The world does not pay men for that which they 'know'. It pays them for what they do, or induce others to do. -- Napoleon Hill
Before you can control conditions, you must first control yourself. -- Napoleon Hill
Failure cannot cope with persistence. -- Napoleon Hill
The person who takes no chances generally has to take whatever is left when others are through choosing. -- Napoleon Hill
There is but one dependable method of accumulating and legally holding riches, and that is by rendering useful service. -- Napoleon Hill
The majority of people who fail to accumulate money sufficient for their needs are, generally, easily influenced by the opinion of others. -- Napoleon Hill
Thought, backed by strong desire, has a tendency to transmute itself into its physical equivalent. -- Napoleon Hill
The starting point of all achievement is desire. -- Napoleon Hill
The majority of people permit relatives, friends, and the public at large to so influence them that they cannot live their own lives, because they fear criticism. -- Napoleon Hill
Duty does not require any person to submit to the destruction of his personal ambitions and the right to live his own life in his own way. -- Napoleon Hill
People refuse to take chances in business, because they fear the criticism which may follow if they fail. -- Napoleon Hill
The fear of criticism is at the bottom of the destruction of most ideas which never reach the planning and action stage. -- Napoleon Hill
The only 'break' anyone can afford to rely upon is a self-made 'break'. -- Napoleon Hill
Riches do not respond to wishes. They respond only to definite plans, backed by definite desires, through constant persistence. -- Napoleon Hill
One who has loved truly can never lose entirely. -- Napoleon Hill
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. -- Nelson Mandela
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. -- Nelson Mandela
A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special. -- Nelson Mandela
It always seems impossible until it's done. -- Nelson Mandela
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. -- Nelson Mandela
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others. -- Nelson Mandela
I am not a saint, unless you think of a saint as a sinner who keeps on trying. -- Nelson Mandela
Lead from the back and let others believe they are in front. -- Nelson Mandela
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. -- Nelson Mandela
One of the things I learned when I was negotiating was that until I changed myself, I could not change others. -- Nelson Mandela
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart. -- Nelson Mandela
Courage is not the absence of fear it is inspiring others to move beyond it. -- Nelson Mandela
Where you stand depends on where you sit. -- Nelson Mandela
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. -- Nelson Mandela
I am the captain of my soul. -- Nelson Mandela
Appearances matter and remember to smile. -- Nelson Mandela
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. -- Marianne Williamson
Nothing is black or white. -- Nelson Mandela
Quitting is leading too. -- Nelson Mandela
We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, handsome, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?. -- Nelson Mandela
Be yourself everyone else is already taken. -- Oscar Wilde
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. -- Oscar Wilde
Always forgive your enemies nothing annoys them so much. -- Oscar Wilde
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. -- Oscar Wilde
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it. -- Oscar Wilde
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all. -- Oscar Wilde
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple. -- Oscar Wilde
You can never be overdressed or overeducated. -- Oscar Wilde
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination. -- Oscar Wilde
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation. -- Oscar Wilde
I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there. -- Oscar Wilde
I am not young enough to know everything. -- Oscar Wilde
A good friend will always stab you in the front. -- Oscar Wilde
I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability. -- Oscar Wilde
Women are made to be loved not understood. -- Oscar Wilde
You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit. -- Oscar Wilde
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it. -- Oscar Wilde
The heart was made to be broken. -- Oscar Wilde
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power. -- Oscar Wilde
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes. -- Oscar Wilde
A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing. -- Oscar Wilde
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does, and that is his. -- Oscar Wilde
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth. -- Oscar Wilde
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -- Oscar Wilde
I never travel without my diary. One must always have something sensational to read on the train. -- Oscar Wilde
Who, being loved, is poor?. -- Oscar Wilde
I have nothing to declare except my genius. -- Oscar Wilde
No good deed goes unpunished. -- Oscar Wilde
The very essence of romance is uncertainty. -- Oscar Wilde
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. -- Oscar Wilde
My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso. -- Pablo Picasso
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. -- Pablo Picasso
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. -- Pablo Picasso
Action is the foundational key to all success. -- Pablo Picasso
We all know that art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth. -- Pablo Picasso
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. -- Pablo Picasso
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls. -- Pablo Picasso
It takes a long time to grow young. -- Pablo Picasso
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions. -- Pablo Picasso
Every act of creation is first an act of destruction. -- Pablo Picasso
I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money. -- Pablo Picasso
To copy others is necessary, but to copy oneself is pathetic. -- Pablo Picasso
Everything you can imagine is real. -- Pablo Picasso
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth. -- Pablo Picasso
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. -- Pablo Picasso
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it. -- Pablo Picasso
Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -- Pablo Picasso
There are only two types of women: goddesses and doormats. -- Pablo Picasso
Wise men speak because they have something to say Fools because they have to say something. -- Plato
Love is a serious mental disease. -- Plato
He who commits injustice is ever made more wretched than he who suffers it. -- Plato
People are like dirt. They can either nourish you and help you grow as a person or they can stunt your growth and make you wilt and die. -- Plato
It is only the dead who have seen the end of war. -- Plato
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern. -- Plato
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet. -- Plato
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot. -- Plato
He whom love touches not walks in darkness. -- Plato
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. -- Plato
Life must be lived as play. -- Plato
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life. -- Plato
This City is what it is because our citizens are what they are. -- Plato
Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber. -- Plato
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle. -- Plato
Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance. -- Plato
Those who intend on becoming great should love neither themselves nor their own things, but only what is just, whether it happens to be done by themselves or others. -- Plato
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous. -- Plato
Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation. -- Plato
For a man to conquer himself is the first and noblest of all victories. -- Plato
Courage is a kind of salvation. -- Plato
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life. -- Plato
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge. -- Plato
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. -- Socrates
The unexamined life is not worth living. -- Socrates
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. -- Socrates
To find yourself, think for yourself. -- Socrates
Be slow to fall into friendship, but when you are in, continue firm and constant. -- Socrates
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance. -- Socrates
Know thyself. -- Socrates
By all means marry if you get a good wife, you'll become happy if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher. -- Socrates
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think. -- Socrates
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings. -- Socrates
Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel. -- Socrates
Every action has its pleasures and its price. -- Socrates
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear. -- Socrates
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world. -- Socrates
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. -- Socrates
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have. -- Socrates
When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser. -- Socrates
Let him who would move the world first move himself. -- Socrates
We cannot live better than in seeking to become better. -- Socrates
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for. -- Socrates
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. -- Walt Disney
If you can dream it, you can do it. -- Walt Disney
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do. -- Walt Disney
If you can dream it, you can do it. Always remember that this whole thing was started with a dream and a mouse. -- Walt Disney
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths. -- Walt Disney
All your dreams can come true if you have the courage to pursue them. -- Walt Disney
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionably. -- Walt Disney
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. -- Walt Disney
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -- Walt Disney
You reach a point where you don't work for money. -- Walt Disney
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained. -- Walt Disney
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. -- Walt Disney
A man should never neglect his family for business. -- Walt Disney
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal. -- Walt Disney
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things. -- Walt Disney
I can never stand still. I must explore and experiment. I am never satisfied with my work. I resent the limitations of my own imagination. -- Walt Disney
Listen to many, speak to a few. -- William Shakespeare
The love of heaven makes one heavenly. -- William Shakespeare
Teach not thy lip such scorn, for it was made For kissing, lady, not for such contempt. -- William Shakespeare
Wisely, and slow. They stumble that run fast. -- William Shakespeare
Men's vows are women's traitors!. -- William Shakespeare
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind. -- William Shakespeare
It is the stars, The stars above us, govern our conditions. -- William Shakespeare
There's place and means for every man alive. -- William Shakespeare
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?. -- William Shakespeare
Say as you think and speak it from your souls. -- William Shakespeare
Love is too young to know what conscience is. -- William Shakespeare
Speak low, if you speak love. -- William Shakespeare
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet are of imagination all compact. -- William Shakespeare
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none be able for thine enemy rather in power than use and keep thy friend under thine own life's key be checked for silence, but never taxed for speech. -- William Shakespeare
Love to faults is always blind, always is to joy inclined. Lawless, winged, and unconfined, and breaks all chains from every mind. -- William Shakespeare
To do a great right do a little wrong. -- William Shakespeare
What's done can't be undone. -- William Shakespeare
It is neither good nor bad, but thinking makes it so. -- William Shakespeare
Thought is free. -- William Shakespeare
But I do love thee! and when I love thee not, Chaos is come again. -- William Shakespeare
I am easily satisfied with the very best. -- Winston Churchill
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -- Winston Churchill
It has been said that Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time. -- Winston Churchill
It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link in the chain of destiny can be handled at a time. -- Winston Churchill
When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home. -- Winston Churchill
We are all worms, but I do believe that I am a glow-worm. -- Winston Churchill
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount. And the tigers are getting hungry. -- Winston Churchill
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile - hoping it will eat him last. -- Winston Churchill
The whole history of the world is summed up in the fact that, when nations are strong, they are not always just, and when they wish to be just, they are no longer strong. -- Winston Churchill
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. -- Winston Churchill
Without a measureless and perpetual uncertainty, the drama of human life would be destroyed. -- Winston Churchill
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few. -- Winston Churchill
Out of intense complexities intense simplicities emerge. -- Winston Churchill
Politics is more dangerous than war, for in war you are only killed once. -- Winston Churchill
He has all of the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -- Winston Churchill
Say what you have to say and the first time you come to a sentence with a grammatical ending - sit down. -- Winston Churchill
It is no use saying 'we are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. -- Winston Churchill
Do not let us speak of darker days let us speak rather of sterner days. These are not dark days: these are great days - the greatest days our country has ever lived. -- Winston Churchill
War is mainly a catalogue of blunders. -- Winston Churchill
No one can guarantee success in war, but only deserve it. -- Winston Churchill
In war, as in life, it is often necessary, when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might. -- Winston Churchill
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom justice honor duty mercy hope. -- Winston Churchill
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -- Winston Churchill
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject. -- Winston Churchill
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. -- Alexander the Great
I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well. -- Alexander the Great
Remember upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all. -- Alexander the Great
I had rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and dominion. -- Alexander the Great
Heaven cannot brook two suns, nor earth two masters. -- Alexander the Great
In faith and hope the world will disagree, but all mankind's concern is charity. . -- Alexander the Great
I am dying from the treatment of too many physicians. -- Alexander the Great
As a rock star, I have two instincts, I want to have fun, and I want to change the world. I have a chance to do both. -- Bono
Books! I dunno if I ever told you this, but books are the greatest gift one person can give another. -- Bono
It's so sweet, I feel like my teeth are rotting when I listen to the radio. -- Bono
It's stasis that kills you off in the end, not ambition. -- Bono
Music can change the world because it can change people. -- Bono
My heroes are the ones who survived doing it wrong, who made mistakes, but recovered from them. -- Bono
The less you know, the more you believe. -- Bono
To be one, to be united is a great thing. But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater. -- Bono
We thought that we had the answers, it was the questions we had wrong. -- Bono
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away. -- Elvis Presley
When things go wrong don't go with them. -- Elvis Presley
Don't criticize what you don't understand, son. You never walked in that man's shoes. -- Elvis Presley
Music should be something that makes you gotta move, inside or outside. -- Elvis Presley
Do what's right for you, as long as it don't hurt no one. -- Elvis Presley
Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can't help but move to it. That's what happens to me. I can't help it. -- Elvis Presley
I believe in the Bible. I believe that all good things come from God. I don't believe I'd sing the way I do if God hadn't wanted me to.'. -- Elvis Presley
Rhythm is something you either have or don't have, but when you have it, you have it all over. -- Elvis Presley
The image is one thing and the human being is another...It's very hard to live up to an image, put it that way. -- Elvis Presley
Ah just act the way ah feel. -- Elvis Presley
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. -- Elvis Presley
Singers come and go, but if you're a good actor, you can last a long time. -- Elvis Presley
A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in. -- Leonardo da Vinci
The painter has the Universe in his mind and hands. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -- Leonardo da Vinci
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself. -- Leonardo da Vinci
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions. -- Leonardo da Vinci
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first understood. -- Leonardo da Vinci
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Art is never finished, only abandoned. -- Leonardo da Vinci
As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Intellectual passion drives out sensuality. -- Leonardo da Vinci
The knowledge of all things is possible. -- Leonardo da Vinci
He who thinks little errs much. -- Leonardo da Vinci
I love those who can smile in trouble... -- Leonardo da Vinci
God sells us all things at the price of labor. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge. -- Leonardo da Vinci
He who possesses most must be most afraid of loss. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Christians have burned each other, quite persuaded That all the apostles would have done as they did. -- Lord Byron
Though I love my country, I do not love my countrymen. -- Lord Byron
History is the devil's scripture. -- Lord Byron
I am never long, even in the society of her I love, without yearning for the company of my lamp and my library. -- Lord Byron
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain. -- Lord Byron
Society is now one polished horde, Formed of two mighty tribes, The Bores and the Bored. -- Lord Byron
If from Society we learn to live Tis Solitude should teach us how to die It hath no flatterers. -- Lord Byron
All who would win joy, must share it happiness was born a twin. -- Lord Byron
Friendship is love without his wings!. -- Lord Byron
The past is the best prophet of the future. -- Lord Byron
The 'good old times'-all times, when old, are good. -- Lord Byron
Tis very certain the desire of life prolongs it. -- Lord Byron
Adversity is the first path to truth. -- Lord Byron
Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine. -- Lord Byron
I am not now That which I have been. -- Lord Byron
He who surpasses or subdues mankind must look down on the hate of those below. -- Lord Byron
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is pass'd in sleep. -- Lord Byron
I awoke one morning and found myself famous. -- Lord Byron
I'm not hard, I'm frightfully soft. But I will not be hounded. -- Margaret Thatcher
Any woman who understands the problems of running a home will be nearer to understanding the problems of running a country. -- Margaret Thatcher
The lady's not for turning. -- Margaret Thatcher
If it's me against 48, I feel sorry for the 48. -- Margaret Thatcher
I've got a woman's ability to stick to a job and get on with it when everyone else walks off and leaves it. -- Margaret Thatcher
The battle for women's rights has been largely won. -- Margaret Thatcher
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best. -- Margaret Thatcher
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. -- Margaret Thatcher
Success is having a flair for the thing that you are doing, knowing that is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a sense of purpose. -- Margaret Thatcher
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides. -- Margaret Thatcher
In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman. -- Margaret Thatcher
The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money. -- Margaret Thatcher
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. -- Margaret Thatcher
In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope. In a world filled with anger, we must still dare to comfort. In a world filled with despair, we must still dare to dream. And in a world filled with distrust, we must still dare to believe. -- Michael Jackson
If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with. -- Michael Jackson
When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true. -- Michael Jackson
Lies run sprints, but the truth runs marathons. -- Michael Jackson
People ask me how I make music. I tell them I just step into it. It's like stepping into a river and joining the flow. Every moment in the river has its song. -- Michael Jackson
Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed. -- Michael Jackson
We have to heal our wounded world. The chaos, despair, and senseless destruction we see today are a result of the alienation that people feel from each other and their environment. -- Michael Jackson
All of us are products of our childhood. -- Michael Jackson
In their innocence, very young children know themselves to be light and love. If we will allow them, they can teach us to see ourselves the same way. -- Michael Jackson
To live is to be musical, starting with the blood dancing in your veins. Everything living has a rhythm. Do you feel your music?. -- Michael Jackson
But for me the sweetest contact with God has no form. I close my eyes, look within, and enter a deep soft silence. The infinity of God's creation embraces me. -- Michael Jackson
Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone. -- Michael Jackson
Each song is a child I nourish and give my love to. But even if you have never written a song, your life is a song. How can it not be?. -- Michael Jackson
When all life is seen as divine, everyone grows wings. -- Michael Jackson
The present is theirs the future, for which I really worked, is mine. -- Nikola Tesla
The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly. One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane. -- Nikola Tesla
The day science begins to study non-physical phenomena, it will make more progress in one decade than in all the previous centuries of its existence. -- Nikola Tesla
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. -- Nikola Tesla
One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane. -- Nikola Tesla
And, in the end The love you take is equal to the love you make. -- Paul McCartney
When you were young, and your heart, was an open book. You used to say, live and let live. -- Paul McCartney
I used to think anyone doing anything weird was weird. Now I know that it is the people that call others weird that are weird. -- Paul McCartney
Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you. -- Paul McCartney
Think globally, act locally. -- Paul McCartney
The future starts today, not tomorrow. -- Pope John Paul II
Artistic talent is a gift from God and whoever discovers it in himself has a certain obligation: to know that he cannot waste this talent, but must develop it. -- Pope John Paul II
Know what you are talking about. -- Pope John Paul II
Faith and Reason are like two wings of the human spirit by which is soars to the truth. -- Pope John Paul II
Do not be afraid. Do not be satisfied with mediocrity. Put out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch. -- Pope John Paul II
As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live. -- Pope John Paul II
The worst prison would be a closed heart. -- Pope John Paul II
Do not be afraid to take a chance on peace, to teach peace, to live peace...Peace will be the last word of history. -- Pope John Paul II
Do not abandon yourselves to despair. We are the Easter people and hallelujah is our song. -- Pope John Paul II
The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires. -- Pope John Paul II
The lust of the flesh directs these desires [of personal union], however, to satisfaction of the body, often at the cost of a real and full communion of persons. -- Pope John Paul II
Life is entrusted to man as a treasure which must not be squandered, as a talent which must be used well. -- Pope John Paul II
It is good to love many things, for therein lies strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done with love is well done. -- Vincent Van Gogh
I dream my painting and I paint my dream. -- Vincent Van Gogh
There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people. -- Vincent Van Gogh
The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore. -- Vincent Van Gogh
I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things. -- Vincent Van Gogh
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?. -- Vincent Van Gogh
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. -- Vincent Van Gogh
I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it. -- Vincent Van Gogh
The way to know life is to love many things. -- Vincent Van Gogh
Whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well. -- Vincent Van Gogh
Only when I fall do I get up again. -- Vincent Van Gogh
You can't deny laughter when it comes, it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants. -- Stephen King
Hope is a good thing - maybe the best thing, and no good thing ever dies. -- Stephen King
Only enemies speak the truth friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty. -- Stephen King
God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live. -- Stephen King
When asked, 'How do you write?' I invariably answer, 'one word at a time.'. -- Stephen King
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King
The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there...and still on your feet. -- Stephen King
The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool. -- Stephen King
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones. -- Stephen King
No good friends. No bad friends. Only people you want, need to be with people who build their houses in your heart. -- Stephen King
Each life makes its own immitation of immortality. -- Stephen King
We are never so defenseless against suffering as when we love. -- Sigmund Freud
No mortal can keep a secret. If the lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips betrayal oozes out of him at every pore. -- Sigmund Freud
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful. -- Sigmund Freud
Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength. -- Sigmund Freud
The paranoid is never entirely mistaken. -- Sigmund Freud
The first human who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization. -- Sigmund Freud
When inspiration does not come to me, I go halfway to meet it. -- Sigmund Freud
Despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, I have not been able to answer... the great question that has never been answered: what does a woman want?. -- Sigmund Freud
Dogs love their friends and bite their enemies, quite unlike people, who are incapable of pure love and always have to mix love and hate. -- Sigmund Freud
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility. -- Sigmund Freud
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism. -- Sigmund Freud
A woman should soften but not weaken a man. -- Sigmund Freud
Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness. -- Sigmund Freud
The intention that man should be happy is not in the plan of Creation. -- Sigmund Freud
The behavior of a human being in sexual matters is often a prototype for the whole of his other modes of reaction in life. -- Sigmund Freud
I don't do drugs, I am drugs. -- Salvador Dali
There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad. -- Salvador Dali
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it. -- Salvador Dali
Surrealism is destructive, but it destroys only what it considers to be shackles limiting our vision. -- Salvador Dali
Let my enemies devour each other. -- Salvador Dali
Happy is he who causes a scandal. -- Salvador Dali
Let the guarantee of free speech be in every man's determination to use it, and we shall have no need of paper declarations. -- Voltairine de Cleyre
Every person who ever thought he had a right to assert, and went boldly and asserted it, himself, or jointly with others that shared his convictions, was a direct actionist. -- Voltairine de Cleyre
There is one common struggle against those who have appropriated the earth, the money, and the machines. -- Voltairine de Cleyre
Is it not enough that 'things are cruel and blind'? Must we also be cruel and blind?. -- Voltairine de Cleyre
I never expect men to give us liberty. No, women, we are not worth it until we take it. -- Voltairine de CleyreHence 'the overthrow of government' as a coercive power, thereby denying God in another form. -- Voltairine de Cleyre
I think it can be shown that the law makes ten criminals where it restrains one. -- Voltairine de Cleyre
The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want. -- Patrick Swayze
Pain don't hurt. -- Patrick Swayze
A beautiful thing never gives so much pain as does failing to hear and see it. -- Michelangelo
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands. -- Michelangelo
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven. -- Michelangelo
Even if you are divine, you don't disdain male consorts. -- Michelangelo
Every beauty which is seen here by persons of perception resembles more than anything else that celestial source from which we all are come. -- Michelangelo
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. -- Michelangelo
Genius is eternal patience. -- Michelangelo
I hope that I may always desire more than I can accomplish. -- Michelangelo
If we have been pleased with life, we should not be displeased with death, since it comes from the hand of the same master. -- Michelangelo
It is necessary to keep one's compass in one's eyes and not in the hand, for the hands execute, but the eye judges. -- Michelangelo
The best of artists has no conception that the marble alone does not contain within itself. -- Michelangelo
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has. -- Michelangelo
It has seemed to be more necessary to have regard to the weight of words rather than to their number. -- Cicero
Old age is by nature rather talkative. -- Cicero
Old age, especially an honoured old age, has so great authority, that this is of more value than all the pleasures of youth. -- Cicero
Certain signs precede certain events. -- Cicero
I never admired another's fortune so much that I became dissatisfied with my own. -- Cicero
I am not ashamed to confess that I am ignorant of what I do not know. -- Cicero
When you have no basis for an argument, abuse the plaintiff. -- Cicero
We are in bondage to the law in order that we may be free. -- Cicero
For it is commonly said: accomplished labours are pleasant. -- Cicero
A happy life consists in tranquility of mind. -- Cicero
If you aspire to the highest place, it is no disgrace to stop at the second, or even the third, place. -- Cicero
A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all other virtues. -- Cicero
Man's best support is a very dear friend. -- Cicero
Loyalty is what we seek in friendship. -- Cicero
Friendship makes prosperity more brilliant, and lightens adversity by dividing and sharing it. -- Cicero
Friendship was given by nature to be an assistant to virtue, not a companion in vice. -- Cicero
The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends. -- Cicero
As in the case of wines that improve with age, the oldest friendships ought to be the most delightful. -- Cicero
Friendship is nothing else than an accord in all things, human and divine, conjoined with mutual goodwill and affection. -- Cicero
A friend is, as it were, a second self. -- Cicero
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired by glory. -- Cicero
No power is strong enough to be lasting if it labors under the weight of fear. -- Cicero
To stumble twice against the same stone is a proverbial disgrace. -- Cicero
Any man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error. -- Cicero
In feature films the director is God in documentary films God is the director. -- Alfred Hitchcock
Ideas come from everything. -- Alfred Hitchcock
There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it. -- Alfred Hitchcock
Give them pleasure. The same pleasure they have when they wake up from a nightmare. -- Alfred Hitchcock
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. -- Alfred Hitchcock
I have a perfect cure for a sore throat: cut it. -- Alfred Hitchcock
Play it fuckin' loud!. -- Bob Dylan
I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me. -- Bob Dylan
And I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinking. -- Bob Dylan
Don't criticize what you can't understand. -- Bob Dylan
The future for me is already a thing of the past -You were my first love and you will be my last. -- Bob Dylan
Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain. -- Bob Dylan
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do. -- Bob Dylan
Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be. -- Bob Dylan
You don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows. -- Bob Dylan
People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent. -- Bob Dylan
If you want to keep your memories, you first have to live them. -- Bob Dylan
Some people seem to fade away but then when they are truly gone, it's like they didn't fade away at all. -- Bob Dylan
If you try to be anyone but yourself, you will fail if you are not true to your own heart, you will fail. Then again, there's no success like failure. -- Bob Dylan
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
There is nothing to fear but fear itself. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
No business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
We, and all others who believe in freedom as deeply as we do, would rather die on our feet than live on our knees. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
Happiness... it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
It's a terrible thing to look over your shoulder when you are trying to lead - and find no one there. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
If you treat people right they will treat you right -- ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
The truth is found when men are free to pursue it. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!. -- Goethe
If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be. -- Goethe
There are two things children should get from their parents: roots and wings. -- Goethe
If I love you, what business is it of yours?. -- Goethe
We do not have to visit a madhouse to find disordered minds our planet is the mental institution of the universe. -- Goethe
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being. -- Goethe
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action. -- Goethe
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes. -- Goethe
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. -- Goethe
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity. -- Goethe
Age does not make us childish, as some say it finds us true children. -- Goethe
Knowing is not enough we must apply. Willing is not enough we must do. -- Goethe
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. -- Goethe
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength. -- Goethe
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must. -- Goethe
This is the true measure of love, When we believe that we alone can love, That no one could ever have loved so before us, And that no one will ever love in the same way after us. -- Goethe
God gave men both a penis and a brain, but unfortunately not enough blood supply to run both at the same time. -- Robin Williams
My God. We've had cloning in the South for years. It's called cousins. -- Robin Williams
Never pick a fight with an ugly person, they've got nothing to lose. -- Robin Williams
Cocaine is God's way of saying you're making too much money. -- Robin Williams
Comedy is acting out optimism. -- Robin Williams
If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days. -- Robin Williams
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. -- Robin Williams
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it. -- Robin Williams
I am the lizard king. I can do anything. -- Jim Morrison
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. -- Jim Morrison
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. -- Jim Morrison
Expose yourself to your deepest fear after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free. -- Jim Morrison
The future is uncertain but the end is always near. -- Jim Morrison
I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments. -- Jim Morrison
It may have been in pieces, but I gave you the best of me. -- Jim Morrison
I think the highest and lowest points are the important ones. Anything else is just...in between. -- Jim Morrison
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind. -- Jim Morrison
I love the friends I have gathered together on this thin raft... -- Jim Morrison
I can't wait to figure out what is wrong with me, so I can say this is the way that I used to be. -- John Mayer
Never, ever underestimate the power of 'Id Like that. -- John Mayer
If you never stop when you wave goodbye you just might find, if you give it time, you will wave hello again... -- John Mayer
It's better to say too much, than never to say what you need to say again. -- John Mayer
I believe that my life's gonna see the love I give returned to me. -- John Mayer
I love you more than songs can say, but I can't keep running after yesterday... -- John Mayer
I cannot live without books. -- Thomas Jefferson
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -- Thomas Jefferson
The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg. -- Thomas Jefferson
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. -- Thomas Jefferson
Government big enough to supply everything you need is big enough to take everything you have. The course of history shows us that as a government grows, liberty decreases. -- Thomas Jefferson
Dissent is the highest form of patriotism. -- Thomas Jefferson
I predict future happiness for Americans, if they can prevent the government from wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them. -- Thomas Jefferson
All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent. -- Thomas Jefferson
Occasionally the tree of Liberty must be watered with the blood of Patriots and Tyrants. -- Thomas Jefferson
Question with boldness even the existence of God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear. -- Thomas Jefferson
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -- Thomas Jefferson
I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it. -- Thomas Jefferson
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be. -- Thomas Jefferson
My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government. -- Thomas Jefferson
Religions are all alike- founded upon fables and mythologies. -- Thomas Jefferson
The Price of Freedom is Eternal Vigilance. -- Thomas Jefferson
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing. -- Thomas Jefferson
Information is the currency of democracy. -- Thomas Jefferson
A government afraid of its citizens is a Democracy. Citizens afraid of government is tyranny!. -- Thomas Jefferson
Those who surrender freedom for security will not have, nor do they deserve, either one. -- Thomas Jefferson
One man with courage is a majority. -- Thomas Jefferson
The Democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not. -- Thomas Jefferson
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us that the less we use our power the greater it will be. -- Thomas Jefferson
Educate and inform the whole mass of the people...they are the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty. -- Thomas Jefferson
Those who hammer their guns into plows, will plow for those who do not. -- Thomas Jefferson
The purpose of government is to enable the people of a nation to live in safety and happiness. Government exists for the interests of the governed, not for the governors. -- Thomas Jefferson
Never put off for tomorrow, what you can do today. -- Thomas Jefferson
Governments constantly choose between telling lies and fighting wars, with the end result always being the same. One will always lead to the other. -- Thomas Jefferson
The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions, that I wish it to be always kept alive. -- Thomas Jefferson
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. -- Janis Joplin
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose. -- Kris Kristofferson
Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers. -- Janis Joplin
On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone. -- Janis Joplin
You got to get it while you can. -- Janis Joplin
I'd trade all my tomorrows for a single yesterday. -- Janis Joplin
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. -- Paulo Coelho
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting. -- Paulo Coelho
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving. -- Paulo Coelho
So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you. -- Paulo Coelho
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. -- Paulo Coelho
Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own. -- Paulo Coelho
When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive. -- Paulo Coelho
When I had nothing to lose, I had everything. When I stopped being who I am, I found myself. -- Paulo Coelho
Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused. -- Paulo Coelho
Waiting hurts. Forgetting hurts. But not knowing which decision to take is the worst of suffering. -- Paulo Coelho
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times. -- Paulo Coelho
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second's encounter with God and with eternity. -- Paulo Coelho
We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path. -- Paulo Coelho
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them. -- Paulo Coelho
Life is too short, or too long, for me to allow myself the luxury of living it so badly. -- Paulo Coelho
People are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of. -- Paulo Coelho
When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. -- Paulo Coelho
What's the world's greatest lie?... It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. -- Paulo Coelho
Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart. -- Paulo Coelho
In real life, love has to be possible. Even if it is not returned right away, love can only survive when the hope exists that you will be able to win over the person you desire. -- Paulo Coelho
I can choose either to be a victim of the world or an adventurer in search of treasure. It's all a question of how I view my life. -- Paulo Coelho
Life always waits for some crisis to occur before revealing itself at its most brilliant. -- Paulo Coelho
Anyone who loves in the expectation of being loved in return is wasting their time. -- Paulo Coelho
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything. -- Malcolm X
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it. -- Malcolm X
My alma mater was books, a good library.... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity. -- Malcolm X
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it is for or against. I'm a human being, first and foremost, and as such I'm for whoever and whatever benefits humanity as a whole. -- Malcolm X
Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today. -- Malcolm X
Truth is on the side of the oppressed. -- Malcolm X
People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book. -- Malcolm X
Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery. -- Malcolm X
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success. -- Malcolm X
If someone puts their hands on you make sure they never put their hands on anybody else again. -- Malcolm X
Sometimes you have to pick the Gun up to put the Gun down. -- Malcolm X
So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise. -- Malcolm X
We need more light about each other. Light creates understanding, understanding creates love, love creates patience, and patience creates unity. -- Malcolm X
If you're not ready to die for it, take the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary. -- Malcolm X
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change. -- Malcolm X
How can you thank a man for giving you what's already yours? How then can you thank him for giving you only part of what is yours?. -- Malcolm X
We cannot think of being acceptable to others until we have first proven acceptable to ourselves. -- Malcolm X
You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker. -- Malcolm X
A wise man can play the part of a clown, but a clown can't play the part of a wise man. -- Malcolm X
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about. -- Dale Carnegie
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. -- Dale Carnegie
You can make more friends in two months by becoming more interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you. -- Dale Carnegie
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. -- Dale Carnegie
First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst. -- Dale Carnegie
There are always three speeches, for every one you actually gave. The one you practiced, the one you gave, and the one you wish you gave. -- Dale Carnegie
Remember happiness doesn't depend on who you are or what you have it depends solely upon what you think. -- Dale Carnegie
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. -- Dale Carnegie
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving. -- Dale Carnegie
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. -- Dale Carnegie
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves. -- Dale Carnegie
There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it. -- Dale Carnegie
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. -- Dale Carnegie
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. -- Dale Carnegie
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed possible. -- Dale Carnegie
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -- Dale Carnegie
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it. -- Dale Carnegie
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping . -- Dale Carnegie
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. -- Dale Carnegie
Tell the audience what you're going to say, say it then tell them what you've said. -- Dale Carnegie
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire. -- Dale Carnegie
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -- Dale Carnegie
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. -- Dale Carnegie
We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do. -- Dale Carnegie
When one door of happiness closes, another opens but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. -- Helen Keller
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -- Helen Keller
Alone we can do so little together we can do so much. -- Helen Keller
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision. -- Helen Keller
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -- Helen Keller
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. -- Helen Keller
No one has a right to consume happiness without producing it. -- Helen Keller
I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do something that I can do. -- Helen Keller
The highest result of education is tolerance. -- Helen Keller
Until the great mass of the people shall be filled with the sense of responsibility for each other's welfare, social justice can never be attained. -- Helen Keller
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. -- Helen Keller
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. -- Helen Keller
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light. -- Helen Keller
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature. -- Helen Keller
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see the shadow. -- Helen Keller
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good. -- Helen Keller
People do not like to think. If one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant. -- Helen Keller
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another. -- Helen Keller
I long to accomplish a great and noble task but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble. -- Helen Keller
I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace. -- Helen Keller
True happiness...is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. -- Helen Keller
Self-pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in this world. -- Helen Keller
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world. -- Helen Keller
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it. -- Jim Rohn
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight. -- Jim Rohn
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour. -- Jim Rohn
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. -- Jim Rohn
Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you. -- Jim Rohn
If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us. -- Jim Rohn
To solve any problem, here are three questions to ask yourself: First, what could I do? Second, what could I read? And third, who could I ask?. -- Jim Rohn
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. -- Jim Rohn
Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value. -- Jim Rohn
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. -- Jim Rohn
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. -- Jim Rohn
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better. -- Jim Rohn
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -- Jim Rohn
Don't just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it. -- Jim Rohn
Either you run the day or the day runs you. -- Jim Rohn
Success is not to be pursued it is to be attracted by the person you become. -- Jim Rohn
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know. -- Jim Rohn
How long should you try? Until. -- Jim Rohn
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. -- Jim Rohn
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals. -- Jim Rohn
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -- Jim Rohn
Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints. It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming. -- Jim Rohn
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. -- Jim Rohn
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present. -- Jim Rohn
There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes its what we do with them that's important. -- Jim Rohn
Get around people who have something of value to share with you. Their impact will continue to have a significant effect on your life long they have departed. -- Jim Rohn
It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go. -- Jim Rohn
The major reason for setting a goal is for what it makes of you to accomplish it. What it makes of you will always be the far greater value than what you get. -- Jim Rohn
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of. -- Jim Rohn
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Instead, failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day. -- Jim Rohn
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals. -- Jim Rohn
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are. -- John Wooden
Don't mistake activity with achievement. -- John Wooden
The people who turn out best are those people who make the best out of the way things turn out. -- John Wooden
It is amazing how much can be accomplished if no one cares who gets the credit. -- John Wooden
You can't live a perfect day until you do something for someone who will never be able to repay you. -- John Wooden
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. -- John Wooden
Never make excuses. Your friends don't need them and your foes won't believe them. -- John Wooden
Listen if you want to be heard. -- John Wooden
Players with fight never lose a game, they just run out of time. -- John Wooden
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?. -- John Wooden
The true test of a man's character is what he does when no one is watching. -- John Wooden
The best thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. -- John Wooden
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen. -- John Wooden
Failing to prepare is preparing to fail. -- John Wooden
Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life. -- John Wooden
Be quick, but don't hurry. -- John Wooden
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts. -- John Wooden
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not. -- Kurt Cobain
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are. -- Kurt Cobain
Its better to burn out than fade away. -- Neil Young
I'm so happy. Cause today I found my friends.They're in my head. -- Kurt Cobain
Practice makes perfect, but nobody's perfect, so why practice?. -- Kurt Cobain
The duty of youth is to challenge corruption. -- Kurt Cobain
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. Im not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got. -- Kurt Cobain
Friends are nothing but a known enemy. -- Kurt Cobain
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. -- Lou Holtz
When all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Lou Holtz
You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him. -- Lou Holtz
You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose. -- Lou Holtz
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them. -- Lou Holtz
If you're bored with life, if you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things, you don't have enough goals. -- Lou Holtz
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. -- Lou Holtz
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. -- Lou Holtz
Winners and losers aren't born, they are the products of how they think. -- Lou Holtz
Don't ever promise more than you can deliver, but always deliver more than you promise. -- Lou Holtz
Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it. -- Lou Holtz
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. -- Maya Angelou
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -- Maya Angelou
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -- Maya Angelou
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song. -- Maya Angelou
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain. -- Maya Angelou
The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them. -- Maya Angelou
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it. -- Maya Angelou
I've learned that you can tell a lot about a person by the way (s)he handles these three things: a rainy day, lost luggage, and tangled Christmas tree lights. -- Maya Angelou
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. -- Maya Angelou
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness. -- Maya Angelou
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. -- Maya Angelou
You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Dont make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people cant take their eyes off of you. -- Maya Angelou
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!. -- Maya Angelou
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. -- Maya Angelou
There's a world of difference between truth and facts. Facts can obscure truth. -- Maya Angelou
Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him. -- Maya Angelou
I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better. -- Maya Angelou
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty. -- Maya Angelou
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art. -- Maya Angelou
I've learned that even when I have pains, I don't have to be one. -- Maya Angelou
When you learn, teach, when you get, give. -- Maya Angelou
Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances. -- Maya Angelou
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise. -- Maya Angelou
War is just when it is necessary arms are permissible when there is no hope except in arms. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
Entrepreneurs are simply those who understand that there is little difference between obstacle and opportunity and are able to turn both to their advantage. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
Since it is difficult to join them together, it is safer to be feared than to be loved when one of the two must be lacking. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
Of mankind we may say in general they are fickle, hypocritical, and greedy of gain. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
There is no avoiding war it can only be postponed to the advantage of others. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
One who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
The promise given was a necessity of the past: the word broken is a necessity of the present. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo I want to overthrow it. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
Never was anything great achieved without danger. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
Politics have no relation to morals. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
There is nothing more difficult to carry out, nor more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to handle, that to institute a new order of things. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles. -- Niccolo Machiavelli
If you can't you must, and if you must you can. -- Anthony Robbins
I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy. -- Anthony Robbins
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. -- Anthony Robbins
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. -- Anthony Robbins
Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow. -- Anthony Robbins
Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions. -- Anthony Robbins
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. -- Anthony Robbins
When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears. -- Anthony Robbins
Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one. -- Anthony Robbins
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. -- Anthony Robbins
It is your decisions, and not your conditions, that determine your destiny. -- Anthony Robbins
You cant have a plan for your day, til you have a plan for your life. -- Anthony Robbins
In life, you need either inspiration or desperation. -- Anthony Robbins
For every dark night, there's a brighter day. -- Tupac Shakur
A coward dies a thousand deaths... a soldier dies but once. -- William Shakespeare
During your life, never stop dreaming. No one can take away your dreams. -- Tupac Shakur
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real. -- Tupac Shakur
Wars come and go, but my soldiers stay eternal. -- Tupac Shakur
You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -- Yogi Berra
You can observe a lot just by watching. -- Yogi Berra
We're lost, but we're making good time. -- Yogi Berra
The future ain't what it used to be. -- Yogi Berra
If the world was perfect, it wouldn't be. -- Yogi Berra
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours. -- Yogi Berra
It ain't over 'til it's over. -- Yogi Berra
Cut my pie into four pieces, I dont think I could eat eight. -- Yogi Berra
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But in practice, there is. -- Yogi Berra
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily. -- Zig Ziglar
Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs. -- Zig Ziglar
Many marriages would be better if the husband and wife clearly understood that they're on the same side. -- Zig Ziglar
You can have everything in life that you want if you just give enough other people what they want. -- Zig Ziglar
A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could. -- Zig Ziglar
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere. -- Zig Ziglar
The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want right now. -- Zig Ziglar
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal you do not change your decision to get there. -- Zig Ziglar
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. -- Zig Ziglar
There are no traffic jams on the extra mile. -- Zig Ziglar
If you aim at nothing, you will hit it every time. -- Zig Ziglar
You never know when a moment and afew sincere words can have an impact on a life. -- Zig Ziglar
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission. -- Zig Ziglar
Failure is an event not a person. -- Zig Ziglar
The greatest of all mistakes is to do nothing because you think you can only do a little. -- Zig Ziglar
Make today worth remembering. -- Zig Ziglar
Attitude, not Aptitude, determines Altitude. -- Zig Ziglar
A narrow mind and a fat head invariably come on the same person. -- Zig Ziglar
Success is the doing, not the getting in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success. -- Zig Ziglar
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days. -- Zig Ziglar
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger, the other opportunity. -- John F. Kennedy
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. -- John F. Kennedy
Ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for your country. -- John F. Kennedy
The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened. -- John F. Kennedy
If you make peaceful revolution impossible you make violent revolution inevitable. -- John F. Kennedy
Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. -- John F. Kennedy
We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives. -- John F. Kennedy
We should never negotiate out of fear, but we should never fear to negotiate. -- John F. Kennedy
Liberty without Learning is always in peril and Learning without Liberty is always in vain. -- John F. Kennedy
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan. -- John F. Kennedy
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth. -- John F. Kennedy
To those whom much is given, much is expected. -- John F. Kennedy
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. -- John F. Kennedy
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. -- John F. Kennedy
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity. -- John F. Kennedy
No matter how big the lie repeat it often enough and the masses will regard it as the truth. -- John F. Kennedy
A child miseducated is a child lost. -- John F. Kennedy
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. -- John F. Kennedy
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Always do what you are afraid to do. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not the length of life, but the depth. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is a journey, not a destination. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Make the most of yourself....for that is all there is of you. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A friend is one before whom I may think aloud. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself. -- George Bernard Shaw
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -- George Bernard ShawLife isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -- George Bernard Shaw
Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends. -- George Bernard Shaw
You see things you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were and I say 'Why not?. -- George Bernard Shaw
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance. -- George Bernard Shaw
The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time. -- George Bernard Shaw
Those who can not change their minds can not change anything. -- George Bernard Shaw
You use a glass mirror to see your face you use works of art to see your soul. -- George Bernard Shaw
There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it. -- George Bernard Shaw
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. -- George Bernard Shaw
My way of joking is to tell the truth. It's the funniest joke in the world. -- George Bernard Shaw
I'm sorry this letter is so long, I didn't have time to make it shorter. -- George Bernard Shaw
Don't walk behind me I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -- Albert Camus
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. -- Albert Camus
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. -- Albert Camus
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. -- Albert Camus
Live to the point of tears. -- Albert Camus
You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question. -- Albert Camus
Blessed are the hearts that can bend they shall never be broken. -- Albert Camus
The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself. -- Albert Camus
There are causes worth dying for, but none worth killing for. -- Albert Camus
Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day. -- Albert Camus
At the heart of all beauty lies something inhuman. -- Albert Camus
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others. -- Albert Camus
You can't create experience, you undergo it. -- Albert Camus
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. -- Albert Camus
It is the job of thinking people not to be on the side of the executioners. -- Albert Camus
Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them. -- Albert Camus
I have no idea what's awaiting me, or what will happen when this all ends. For the moment I know this: there are sick people and they need curing. -- Albert Camus
A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened. -- Albert Camus
Not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point, which means at the point of highest reality. -- C. S. Lewis
Unsatisfied desire is in itself more desirable than any other satisfaction. -- C. S. Lewis
The future is something which every one reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is. -- C. S. Lewis
The safest road to Hell is the gradual one - the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts. -- C. S. Lewis
True friends ... face in the same direction, toward common projects, interests, goals. -- C. S. Lewis
Faith is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted, in spite of your changing moods. -- C. S. Lewis
We must lay before him what is in us, not what ought to be in us. -- C. S. Lewis
It is quite useless knocking at the door of heaven for earthly comfort. It's not the sort of comfort they supply there. -- C. S. Lewis
Relying on God has to begin all over again every day as if nothing had yet been done. -- C. S. Lewis
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date. -- C. S. Lewis
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point. -- C. S. Lewis
There are two kinds of people: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, 'All right, then, have it your way.'. -- C. S. Lewis
The higher animals are in a sense drawn into Man when he loves them and makes them (as he does) much more nearly human than they would otherwise be. -- C. S. Lewis
Though our feelings come and go, God's love for us does not. -- C. S. Lewis
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change. -- Charles Darwin
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone. -- Charles Darwin
Animals, whom we have made our slaves, we do not like to consider our equal. -- Charles Darwin
The mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us and I for one must be content to remain an agnostic. -- Charles Darwin
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. -- Charles Darwin
In the long history of humankind (and animal kind, too) those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed. -- Charles Darwin
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin. -- Charles Darwin
A moral being is one who is capable of reflecting on his past actions and their motives - of approving of some and disapproving of others. -- Charles Darwin
I cannot persuade myself that a beneficent and omnipotent God would have designedly created parasitic wasps with the express intention of their feeding within the living bodies of Caterpillars. -- Charles Darwin
We can allow satellites, planets, suns, universe, nay whole systems of universes, to be governed by laws, but the smallest insect, we wish to be created at once by special act. -- Charles Darwin
The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference. -- Charles Darwin
To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact. -- Charles Darwin
It is always advisable to perceive clearly our ignorance. -- Charles Darwin
The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason. -- Charles Darwin
It is a cursed evil to any man to become as absorbed in any subject as I am in mine. -- Charles Darwin
A man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life. -- Charles Darwin
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate. -- Charles Dickens
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts. -- Charles Dickens
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts. -- Charles Dickens
To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart. -- Charles Dickens
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. -- Charles Dickens
We need never be ashamed of our tears. -- Charles Dickens
No one who can read, ever looks at a book, even unopened on a shelf, like one who cannot. -- Charles Dickens
A loving heart is the truest wisdom. -- Charles Dickens
I hope that real love and truth are stronger in the end than any evil or misfortune in the world. -- Charles Dickens
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. -- Charles Dickens
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart. -- Charles Dickens
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor. -- Charles Dickens
There is a wisdom of the head, and... there is a wisdom of the heart. -- Charles Dickens
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show. -- Charles Dickens
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers. -- Charles Dickens
Family not only need to consist of merely those whom we share blood, but also for those whom we'd give blood. -- Charles Dickens
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. -- Coco Chanel
You live but once you might as well be amusing. -- Coco Chanel
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud. -- Coco Chanel
Dress shabbily and they remember the dress dress impeccably and they remember the woman. -- Coco Chanel
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. -- Coco Chanel
Fashion changes, but style endures. -- Coco Chanel
Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable. -- Coco Chanel
Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance. -- Coco Chanel
My life didn't please me, so I created my life. -- Coco Chanel
I don't do fashion, I AM fashion. -- Coco Chanel
Only those with no memory insist on their originality. -- Coco Chanel
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different. -- Coco Chanel
I invented my life by taking for granted that everything I did not like would have an opposite, which I would like. -- Coco Chanel
Passion goes, Boredom remains. -- Coco Chanel
A woman can be over dressed but never over elegant. -- Coco Chanel
Life's but short. You might as well be amusing. -- Coco Chanel
Be frank and explicit. That is the right line to take when you wish to conceal your own mind and to confuse the minds of others. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The delight of opening a new pursuit, or a new course of reading, imparts the vivacity and novelty of youth even to old age. -- Benjamin Disraeli
A precedent embalms a principle. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Anybody amuses me for once. A new acquaintance is like a new book. I prefer it, even if bad, to a classic. -- Benjamin Disraeli
No government can be long secure without a formidable opposition. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Great services are not canceled by one act or by one single error. -- Benjamin Disraeli
My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Yes, I am a Jew, and when the ancestors of the right honourable gentlemen were brutal savages in an unknown land, mine were priests in the Temple of Solomon. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. -- Benjamin Disraeli
There is a magic in the memory of a schoolboy friendship. It softens the heart, and even affects the nervous system of those who have no heart. -- Benjamin Disraeli
A new acquaintance is like a new book. I prefer it, even if bad, to a classic. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Nothing in life is more remarkable than the unnecessary anxiety which we endure, and generally create ourselves. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. -- Benjamin Disraeli
We are all born for love it is the principle of existence and its only end. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Man is not the creature of circumstances, Circumstances are the creatures of men. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Critics are the men who have failed in literature and art. -- Benjamin Disraeli
For life in general, there is but one decree: youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret. -- Benjamin Disraeli
What one has to do usually can be done. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Character building begins in our infancy, and continues until death. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
When you cease to make a contribution you begin to die. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Life has got to be lived-that's all that there is to it. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
You always admire what you really don't understand. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Friendship with oneself is all-important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
If we want a free and peaceful world, if we want to make the deserts bloom and man grow to greater dignity as a human being-we can do it. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.... You must do the thing you think you cannot do. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experiences behind him. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Do not be afraid of mistakes, providing you do not make the same one twice. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
It isn't enough to talk about peace one must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it one must work at it. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
No leader can be too far ahead of his followers. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed. -- Ernest Hemingway
There is no friend as loyal as a book. -- Ernest Hemingway
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. -- Ernest Hemingway
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. -- Ernest Hemingway
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?. -- Ernest Hemingway
I drink to make other people more interesting. -- Ernest Hemingway
Courage is grace under pressure. -- Ernest Hemingway
All thinking men are atheists. -- Ernest Hemingway
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another. -- Ernest Hemingway
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime. -- Ernest Hemingway
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man true nobility is being superior to your former self. -- Ernest Hemingway
But man is not made for defeat,'he said. 'A man can be destroyed but not defeated. -- Ernest Hemingway
Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you. -- Ernest Hemingway
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one. -- George Washington
It is impossible to rightly govern a nation without God and the Bible. -- George Washington
It is better to be alone than in bad company. -- George Washington
If freedom of speech is taken away, then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter. -- George Washington
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and fearful master. -- George Washington
I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man. -- George Washington
Make sure you are doing what God wants you to do--then do it with all your strength. -- George Washington
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience. -- George Washington
Perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages. -- George Washington
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder. -- George Washington
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism. -- George Washington
It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and the Bible. -- George Washington
99% of failures come from people who make excuses. -- George Washington
Experience teaches us that it is much easier to prevent an enemy from posting themselves than it is to dislodge them after they have got possession. -- George Washington
Worry is the interest paid by those who borrow trouble. -- George Washington
Turn your wounds into wisdom. -- Oprah Winfrey
You can have it all. Just not all at once. -- Oprah Winfrey
When you know better you do better. -- Oprah Winfrey
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. -- Oprah Winfrey
Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. -- Oprah Winfrey
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it. -- Oprah Winfrey
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. -- Oprah Winfrey
Be thankful for what you have you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. -- Oprah Winfrey
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure. -- Oprah Winfrey
Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher. -- Oprah Winfrey
If the only prayer you said was thank you, that would be enough. -- Oprah Winfrey
Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath, kick off your shoes, and dance. -- Oprah Winfrey
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. -- Oprah Winfrey
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand. -- Oprah Winfrey
You don't become what you want, you become what you believe. -- Oprah Winfrey
When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are. -- Oprah Winfrey
Every day brings a chance to live free of regret and with as much joy, fun, and laughter as you can stand. -- Oprah Winfrey
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are. -- Oprah Winfrey
Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others. -- Oprah Winfrey
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear. -- Oprah Winfrey
Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves. -- Ronald Reagan
If we ever forget that we're one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone under. -- Ronald Reagan
I have left orders to be awakened at any time during national emergency, even if I'm in a cabinet meeting. -- Ronald Reagan
The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help. -- Ronald Reagan
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans. -- Ronald Reagan
As government expands, liberty contracts. -- Ronald Reagan
There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit. -- Ronald Reagan
I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life. -- Ronald Reagan
Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face. -- Ronald Reagan
I've heard that hard work never killed anyone, but I say why take the chance?. -- Ronald Reagan
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things. -- Ronald Reagan
Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book. -- Ronald Reagan
It has been said that politics is the second oldest profession. I have learned that it bears a striking resemblance to the first. -- Ronald Reagan
Government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it. -- Ronald Reagan
Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'. -- Ronald Reagan
Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly, leave the rest to God. -- Ronald Reagan
A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. -- Ronald Reagan
To See a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour. -- William Blake
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent. -- William Blake
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend. -- William Blake
Eternity is in love with the productions of time. -- William Blake
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom. -- William Blake
Truth can never be told so as to be understood and not be believed. -- William Blake
For all eternity, I forgive you and you forgive me. -- William Blake
If a thing loves, it is infinite. -- William Blake
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness. -- William Blake
A man can't soar too high, when he flies with his own wings. -- William Blake
Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained. -- William Blake
The imagination is not a state: it is the human existence itself. -- William Blake
He who kisses joy as it flies by will live in eternity's sunrise. -- William Blake
Love seeketh not itself to please, nor for itself hath any care, but for another gives its ease, and builds a Heaven in Hell's despair. -- William Blake
What is now proved was once only imagined. -- William Blake
Improvement makes strait roads, but the crooked roads without Improvement, are roads of Genius. -- William Blake
He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star. -- William Blake
Resist much. Obey little. -- Walt Whitman
What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the words I have read in my life. -- Walt Whitman
We were together. I forget the rest. -- Walt Whitman
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends. -- Walt Whitman
Happiness, not in another place but this place...not for another hour, but this hour. -- Walt Whitman
I sound my barbaric yawp over the rooftops of the world. -- Walt Whitman
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity. -- Walt Whitman
I discover myself on the verge of a usual mistake. -- Walt Whitman
Argue not concerning God,re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul. -- Walt Whitman
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. -- Walt Whitman
When I give, I give myself. -- Walt Whitman
Battles are lost in the same spirit in which they are won. -- Walt Whitman
Peace is always beautiful. -- Walt Whitman
Be not ashamed women, ... You are the gates of the body, and you are the gates of the soul. -- Walt Whitman
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -- Thomas A. Edison
Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something. -- Thomas A. Edison
Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope. -- Thomas A. Edison
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun. -- Thomas A. Edison
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. -- Thomas A. Edison
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- Thomas A. Edison
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -- Thomas A. Edison
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. -- Thomas A. Edison
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease. -- Thomas A. Edison
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. -- Thomas A. Edison
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything. -- Thomas A. Edison
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -- Thomas A. Edison
If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. -- Thomas A. Edison
I readily absorb ideas from every source, frequently starting where the last person left off. -- Thomas A. Edison
I never pick up an item without thinking of how I might improve it. -- Thomas A. Edison
Because ideas have to be original only with regard to their adaptation to the problem at hand, I am always extremely interested in how others have used them... -- Thomas A. Edison
A good idea is never lost. Even though its originator or possessor may die without publicizing it, it will someday be reborn in the mind of another.... -- Thomas A. Edison
Personally, I enjoy working about 18 hours a day. Besides the short catnaps I take each day, I average about four to five hours of sleep per night. -- Thomas A. Edison
If we all did the things we are really capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas A. Edison
The three things that are most essential to achievement are common sense, hard work and stick-to-it-iv-nes. -- Thomas A. Edison
I have far more respect for the person with a single idea who gets there than for the person with a thousand ideas who does nothing. -- Thomas A. Edison
The thing I lose patience with the most is the clock. Its hands move too fast. -- Thomas A. Edison
Time is really the only capital that any human being has and the thing that he can least afford to waste or lose. -- Thomas A. Edison
Whatever the mind of man creates, should be controlled by man's character. -- Thomas A. Edison
I love great music and art, but I think 'cubist' songs and paintings are hideous. -- Thomas A. Edison
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. -- Anne Frank
It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. -- Anne Frank
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands. -- Anne Frank
No one has ever become poor by giving. -- Anne Frank
Where there's hope, there's life. It fills us with fresh courage and makes us strong again. -- Anne Frank
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains. -- Anne Frank
Earning happiness means doing good and working, not speculating and being lazy. Laziness may look inviting, but only work gives you true satisfaction. -- Anne Frank
There's only one rule you need to remember: laugh at everything and forget everybody else! It sound egotistical, but it's actually the only cure for those suffering from self-pity. -- Anne Frank
In spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart. -- Anne Frank
People can tell you to keep your mouth shut, but that doesn't stop you from having your own opinion. -- Anne Frank
I've learned one thing: you can only really get to know a person after a row. Only then can you judge their true character!. -- Anne Frank
I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out. -- Anne Frank
We all live with the objective of being happy our lives are all different and yet the same. -- Anne Frank
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death ... I think. peace and tranquillity will return again. -- Anne Frank
Boys will be boys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls. -- Anne Frank
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be. -- Anne Frank
A friend to all is a friend to none. -- Aristotle
Art not only imitates nature, but also completes its deficiencies. -- Aristotle
The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal. -- Aristotle
Without friends no one would choose to live, though he had all other goods. -- Aristotle
Dignity does not consist in possessing honours, but in deserving them. -- Aristotle
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence. -- Aristotle
Different men seek ... happiness in different ways and by different means. -- Aristotle
Happiness depends upon ourselves. -- Aristotle
Happiness seems to require a modicum of external prosperity. -- Aristotle
We should behave to our friends as we would wish our friends to behave to us. -- Aristotle
Between friends there is no need of justice. -- Aristotle
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow-ripening fruit. -- Aristotle
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake. -- Aristotle
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -- Aristotle
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. -- Aristotle
Shame is an ornament to the young a disgrace to the old. -- Aristotle
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. -- Aristotle
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. -- Aristotle
Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber. -- Aristotle
To avoid criticism say nothing, do nothing, be nothing. -- Aristotle
Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach. -- Aristotle
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsion, habit, reason, passion, and desire. -- Aristotle
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -- Aristotle
Happiness is the settling of the soul into its most appropriate spot. -- Aristotle
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. -- Aristotle
Misfortune shows those who are not really friends. -- Aristotle
It is not enough to win a war it is more important to organize the peace. -- Aristotle
Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil. -- Aristotle
Democracy arose from men's thinking that if they are equal in any respect, they are equal absolutely. -- Aristotle
The absent are never without fault, nor the present without excuse. -- Benjamin Franklin
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance. -- Benjamin Franklin
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other. -- Benjamin Franklin
Early to bed and early to rise, Makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. -- Benjamin Franklin
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -- Benjamin Franklin
He that can have patience can have what he will. -- Benjamin Franklin
A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned. -- Benjamin Franklin
Fear not death for the sooner we die, the longer we shall be immortal. -- Benjamin Franklin
I didn't fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. -- Benjamin Franklin
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. -- Benjamin Franklin
In wine there is wisdom, in beer there is Freedom, in water there is bacteria. -- Benjamin Franklin
Well done is better than well said. -- Benjamin Franklin
Never ruin an apology with an excuse. -- Benjamin Franklin
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead. -- Benjamin Franklin
There was never a bad peace or a good war. -- Benjamin Franklin
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are. -- Benjamin Franklin
Tis a great confidence in a friend to tell him your faults greater to tell him his. -- Benjamin Franklin
A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body. -- Benjamin Franklin
Certainty? In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes. -- Benjamin Franklin
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn. -- Benjamin Franklin
The heart of a fool is in his mouth, but the mouth of a wise man is in his heart. -- Benjamin Franklin
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing. -- Benjamin Franklin
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. -- Benjamin Franklin
If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles. -- Benjamin Franklin
The best way to see Faith is to shut the eye of Reason. -- Benjamin Franklin
Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one. -- Bill Gates
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good. -- Bill Gates
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. -- Bill Gates
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. -- Bill Gates
I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot. -- Bill Gates
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo. -- Bill Gates
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act. -- Bill Gates
If you think your teacher is tough, wait until you get a boss. He doesn't have tenure. -- Bill Gates
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. -- Bill Gates
Life is not divided into semesters. You don't get summers off and very few employers are interested in helping you find yourself. -- Bill Gates
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. -- Bill Gates
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important. -- Bill Gates
The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow. -- Bill Gates
Until we're educating every kid in a fantastic way, until every inner city is cleaned up, there is no shortage of things to do. -- Bill Gates
Whether it's Google or Apple or free software, we've got some fantastic competitors and it keeps us on our toes. -- Bill Gates
You see, antiquated ideas of kindness and generosity are simply bugs that must be programmed out of our world. And these cold, unfeeling machines will show us the way. -- Bill Gates
None but ourselves can free our minds. -- Bob Marley
love the life you live.live the life you love. -- Bob Marley
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet. -- Bob Marley
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively. -- Bob Marley
The good times of today are the sad thoughts of tomorrow. -- Bob Marley
When one door is closed, don't you know that many more are open. -- Bob Marley
The people who were trying to make this world worse are not taking the day off. Why should I?. -- Bob Marley
Judge not unless you judge yourself. -- Bob Marley
Love would never leave us alone. -- Bob Marley
Live for yourself and you will live in vain	Live for others, and you will live again. -- Bob Marley
Free speech carries with it some freedom to listen. -- Bob Marley
Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight. -- Bob Marley
Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me. -- Bob Marley
My feet is my only courage. -- Bob Marley
Better to die fighting for freedom than be a prisoner all the days of your life. -- Bob Marley
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?. -- Bob Marley
A jug fills drop by drop. -- Buddha
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly. -- Buddha
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?. -- Buddha
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. -- Buddha
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense. -- Buddha
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. -- Buddha
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. -- Buddha
If you truly loved yourself, you could never hurt another. -- Buddha
There is no path to happiness: happiness is the path. -- Buddha
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. -- Buddha
Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it. -- Buddha
Doubt everything. Find your own light. -- Buddha
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind. -- Buddha
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. -- Buddha
A woman who would steal your love when your love is all you really have isnt much of a woman. -- Johnny Depp
I think the thing to do is to enjoy the ride while you're on it. -- Johnny Depp
With any part you play, there is a certain amount of yourself in it. There has to be, otherwise it's just not acting. It's lying. -- Johnny Depp
The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants. -- Johnny Depp
Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all. -- Johnny Depp
I'm not sure I'm adult yet. -- Johnny Depp
Anything I've done up till 27 May 1999 was kind of an illusion, existing without living. My daughter, the birth of my daughter, gave me life. -- Johnny Depp
The term 'serious actor' is kind of an oxymoron, isn't it? [Like] 'Republican party' [or] 'airplane food'. -- Johnny Depp
As the poet said, 'Only God can make a tree' -- probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on. -- Woody Allen
How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?. -- Woody Allen
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland. -- Woody Allen
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying. -- Woody Allen
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me. -- Woody Allen
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name in a Swiss bank. -- Woody Allen
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon. -- Woody Allen
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. -- Woody Allen
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -- Woody Allen
To you I'm an atheist to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition. -- Woody Allen
When I was kidnapped, my parents snapped into action. They rented out my room. -- Woody Allen
It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens. -- Woody Allen
A lie told often enough becomes the truth. -- Vladimir Lenin
Any cook should be able to run the country. -- Vladimir Lenin
Can a nation be free if it oppresses other nations? It cannot. -- Vladimir Lenin
Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting himself up by his own bootstraps. -- Vladimir Lenin
Fascism is capitalism in decay. -- Vladimir Lenin
Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever. -- Vladimir Lenin
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners. -- Vladimir Lenin
One man with a gun can control 100 without one. -- Vladimir Lenin
It is true that liberty is precious so precious that it must be carefully rationed. -- Vladimir Lenin
Sometimes - history needs a push. -- Vladimir Lenin
The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation. -- Vladimir Lenin
While the State exists there can be no freedom when there is freedom there will be no State. -- Vladimir Lenin
Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there are millions, that is where serious politics begin. -- Vladimir Lenin
A faith is a necessity to a man. Woe to him who believes in nothing. -- Victor Hugo
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil. -- Victor Hugo
A war between Europeans is a civil war. -- Victor Hugo
A mother's arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them. -- Victor Hugo
All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come. -- Victor Hugo
Almost all our desires, when examined, contain something too shameful to reveal. -- Victor Hugo
Amnesty is as good for those who give it as for those who receive it. It has the admirable quality of bestowing mercy on both sides. -- Victor Hugo
An intelligent hell would be better than a stupid paradise. -- Victor Hugo
Blessed be Providence which has given to each his toy: the doll to the child, the child to the woman, the woman to the man, the man to the devil!. -- Victor Hugo
By putting forward the hands of the clock you shall not advance the hour. -- Victor Hugo
Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men, between brothers?. -- Victor Hugo
Close by the Rights of Man, at the least set beside them, are the Rights of the Spirit. -- Victor Hugo
Common sense is in spite of, not as the result of education. -- Victor Hugo
Concision in style, precision in thought, decision in life. -- Victor Hugo
Do not let it be your aim to be something, but to be someone. -- Victor Hugo
Doing nothing is happiness for children and misery for old men. -- Victor Hugo
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet. -- Victor Hugo
Rhyme, that enslaved queen, that supreme charm of our poetry, that creator of our meter. -- Victor Hugo
Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time. -- Victor Hugo
I believe that every human has a finite amount of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine running around doing exercises. -- Neil Armstrong
This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind. -- Neil Armstrong
Fear is not an unknown emotion to us. -- Neil Armstrong
The cure for boredom is curiosity.There is no cure for curiosity. -- Dorothy Parker
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone. -- Dorothy Parker
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to. -- Dorothy Parker
I don't know much about being a millionaire, but I'll bet I'd be darling at it. -- Dorothy Parker
Don't look at me in that tone of voice. -- Dorothy Parker
Heterosexuality is not normal, it's just common. -- Dorothy Parker
Take me or leave me or, as is the usual order of things, both. -- Dorothy Parker
Constant use had not worn ragged the fabric of their friendship. -- Dorothy Parker
The question isn't who is going to let me it's who is going to stop me. -- Ayn Rand
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -- Ayn Rand
I swear by my life and my love of it that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine. -- Ayn Rand
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody has decided not to see. -- Ayn Rand
If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn. -- Ayn Rand
To say 'I love you' one must know first how to say the 'I'. -- Ayn Rand
I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you. -- Ayn Rand
Freedom (n.): To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing. -- Ayn Rand
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness. -- Ayn Rand
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities. -- Ayn Rand
The truth is not for all men but only for those who seek it. -- Ayn Rand
A government is the most dangerous threat to man's rights: it holds a legal monopoly on the use of physical force against legally disarmed victims. -- Ayn Rand
It takes a great man to be a good listener. -- Calvin Coolidge
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong. -- Calvin Coolidge
I have noticed that nothing I have never said ever did me any harm. -- Calvin Coolidge
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once. -- Calvin Coolidge
The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -- Calvin Coolidge
It is much more important to kill bad bills than to pass good ones. -- Calvin Coolidge
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are. -- Anais Nin
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings. -- Anais Nin
We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect. -- Anais Nin
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. -- Anais Nin
Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are. -- Anais Nin
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born. -- Anais Nin
How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?. -- Anais Nin
People living deeply have no fear of death. -- Anais Nin
If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it. -- Anais Nin
Music melts all the separate parts of our bodies together. -- Anais Nin
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions. -- Anais Nin
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live. -- Henry David Thoreau
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us. -- Henry David Thoreau
One must maintain a little bittle of summer, even in the middle of winter. -- Henry David Thoreau
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. -- Henry David Thoreau
Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify. -- Henry David Thoreau
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth. -- Henry David Thoreau
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way. -- Henry David Thoreau
The world is my country,all mankind are my brethren,and to do good is my religion. -- Thomas Paine
Lead, follow, or get out of the way. -- Thomas Paine
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it. -- Thomas Paine
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil in its worst state, an intolerable one. -- Thomas Paine
Reputation is what men and women think of us character is what God and angels know of us. -- Thomas Paine
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. -- Thomas Paine
Moderation in temper is always a virtue but moderation in principle is always a vice. -- Thomas Paine
Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself - that is my doctrine. -- Thomas Paine
Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul. -- Thomas Paine
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Victory is for those who can say 'Victory is mine'. Success is for those who can begin saying 'I will succeed' and say 'I have succeeded' in the end. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Unless a nation's life faces peril, war is murder. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
To see me does not necessarily mean to see my face. To understand my thoughts is to have seen me. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Sovereignty is not given, it is taken. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Every nation has the right to demand proper treatment and no country should violate the territory of any other country. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Authority, without any condition and reservation, belongs to the nation. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Where there is no freedom, there is death and destruction. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Science is the most reliable guide for civilization, for life, for success in the world. Searching a guide other than the science is meaning carelessness, ignorance and heresy. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
The evils which sapped the nation's strength had all been wrought in the name of religion. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
In order to stave off covetouness, greed, and spite, citizens world over must be educated. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
We do not consider our principles as dogmas contained in books said to come from heaven. We derive our inspiration, not from heaven, or the unseen world, but directly from life. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Peace at home is peace in the country. Peace in the country is peace in the world. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Freedom and independence form my character. -- Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
I do this real moron thing, it's called thinking, and I'm not a very good American because I like to form my own opinions. -- George Carlin
The reason I talk to myself is because Im the only one whose answers I accept. -- George Carlin
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?. -- George Carlin
Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid. -- George Carlin
That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it. -- George Carlin
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that. -- George Carlin
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity. -- George Carlin
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. -- George Carlin
At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom. -- George Carlin
Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist. -- George Carlin
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time. -- George Carlin
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... And could you keep your heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy. -- Khalil Gibran
I AM IGNORANT of absolute truth. But I am humble before my ignorance and therein lies my honor and my reward. -- Khalil Gibran
One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life. -- Khalil Gibran
Yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream. -- Khalil Gibran
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need. -- Khalil Gibran
I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit. -- Khalil Gibran
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things, does the heart find its morning and is refreshed. -- Khalil Gibran
Safeguarding the rights of others is the most noble and beautiful end of a human being. -- Khalil Gibran
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand. -- Khalil Gibran
They deem me mad because I will not sell my days for gold and I deem them mad because they think my days have a price. -- Khalil Gibran
All that spirits desire, spirits attain. -- Khalil Gibran
Your clothes conceal much of your beauty, yet they hide not the unbeautiful. -- Khalil Gibran
Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy. -- Khalil Gibran
When you love you should not say, God is in my heart, but rather, I am in the heart of God. and think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course. -- Khalil Gibran
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. -- Khalil Gibran
My loneliness was born when men praised my talkative faults and blamed my silent virtues. -- Khalil Gibran
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. -- Khalil Gibran
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. -- Mae West
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it. -- Mae West
There are no good girls gone wrong - just bad girls found out. -- Mae West
I wrote the story myself. It's about a girl who lost her reputation and never missed it. -- Mae West
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. -- Mae West
When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better. -- Mae West
Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand. -- Mae West
I'm no model lady. A model's just an imitation of the real thing. -- Mae West
I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure. -- Mae West
Its not the men in your life that matters, its the life in your men. -- Mae West
Don't cry for a man who's left you--the next one may fall for your smile. -- Mae West
Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often. -- Mae West
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful!. -- Mae West
Sex is an emotion in motion. -- Mae West
Ladies who play with fire must remember that smoke gets in their eyes. -- Mae West
Cultivate your curves - they may be dangerous but they won't be avoided. -- Mae West
I'm single because I was born that way. -- Mae West
I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond. -- Mae West
Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution. -- Mae West
It is better to be looked over than overlooked. -- Mae West
Don't keep a man guessing too long - he's sure to find the answer somewhere else. -- Mae West
You are never too old to become younger!. -- Mae West
If a little is great, and a lot is better, then way too much is just about right!. -- Mae West
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly. -- Mae West
All discarded lovers should be given a second chance, but with somebody else. -- Mae West
Waffles are like pancakes with syrup traps. -- Mitch Hedberg
I got a king-sized bed. I don't know any kings, but if one came over, I guess he'd be comfortable. -- Mitch Hedberg
You know that Pepperidge Farm bread, that stuff is fancy. That stuff is wrapped twice. You open it, and then still ain't open. That's why I don't buy it, I don't need another step between me and toast. -- Mitch Hedberg
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're going and hook up with them later. -- Mitch Hedberg
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. -- Mitch Hedberg
Imagine being killed by a bow and arrow. That would suck, an arrow killed you? They would never solve the crime. 'Look at that dead guy. Let's go that way. -- Mitch Hedberg
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall. -- Mitch Hedberg
If you are flammable and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit. -- Mitch Hedberg
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer. -- Mitch Hedberg
Every book is a children's book if the kid can read!. -- Mitch Hedberg
Every time I go and shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet shaving. So I say, 'I'm gonna go shave, too.'. -- Mitch Hedberg
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that. -- Mitch Hedberg
I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming. -- Mitch Hedberg
I like to play blackjack. I'm not addicted to gambling. I'm addicted to sitting in a semi-circle. -- Mitch Hedberg
I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific. -- Mitch Hedberg
Know your enemy and know yourself and you will always be victorious. -- Sun Tzu
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. -- Sun Tzu
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -- Sun Tzu
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when youmove, fall like a thunderbolt. -- Sun Tzu
All warfare is based on deception. -- Sun Tzu
There is no instance of a nation benefiting from prolonged warfare. -- Sun Tzu
Build your opponent a golden bridge to retreat across. -- Sun Tzu
Know yourself and you will win all battles. -- Sun Tzu
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust. -- Sun Tzu
A leader leads by example, not by force. -- Sun Tzu
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. -- Sun Tzu
To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but theopportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself. -- Sun Tzu
When the enemy is relaxed, make them toil. When full, starve them. When settled, make them move. -- Sun Tzu
When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. Do not press a desperate foe too hard. -- Sun Tzu
Energy may be likened to the bending of a crossbow decision,to the releasing of a trigger. -- Sun Tzu
The control of a large force is the same principle as the control of a few men: it is merely a question of dividing uptheir numbers. -- Sun Tzu
It is only one who is thoroughly acquainted with the evils of warthat can thoroughly understand the profitable way of carrying it on. -- Sun Tzu
To fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting. -- Sun Tzu
Right now Im having amnesia and dj vu at the same time. I think Ive forgotten this before. -- Steven Wright
I just got out of the hospital. I was in a speed reading accident. I hit a book mark and flew across the room. -- Steven Wright
If it's a penny for your thoughts and you put in your two cents worth, then someone, somewhere is making a penny. -- Steven Wright
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time. -- Steven Wright
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time. -- Steven Wright
There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot. -- Steven Wright
If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you. -- Steven Wright
I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography. -- Steven Wright
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane. -- Steven Wright
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything. -- Steven Wright
If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that considered a hostage situation?. -- Steven Wright
When I was in school the teachers told me practice makes perfect then they told me nobodys perfect so I stopped practicing. -- Steven Wright
It was the first time I was ever in love, and I learned a lot. Before that I'd never even thought about killing myself. -- Steven Wright
The best kind of friend is the kind you sit with, never say a word and walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you ever had. -- Steven Wright
If a man says something in the woods and there are no women there, is he still wrong?. -- Steven Wright
I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time' so I ordered French toast during the Renaissance. -- Steven Wright
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7 of your life. -- Steven Wright
Let us read, and let us dance these two amusements will never do any harm to the world. -- Voltaire
Love truth, but pardon error. -- Voltaire
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: Oh Lord, make my enemies ridiculous. And God granted it. -- Voltaire
God is a circle whose center is everywhere and circumference nowhere. -- Voltaire
It is forbidden to kill therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets. -- Voltaire
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers. -- Voltaire
Common sense is not so common. -- Voltaire
God is a comedian playing to an audience that is too afraid to laugh. -- Voltaire
As long as we believe in absurdities we shall continue to commit atrocities. -- Voltaire
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. -- Voltaire
Dare to think for yourself. -- Voltaire
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong. -- Voltaire
The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing. -- Voltaire
A witty saying proves nothing. -- Voltaire
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. -- Voltaire
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything. -- Voltaire
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him. -- Voltaire
I dont know where I am going, but I am on my way. -- Voltaire
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. -- Warren Buffett
Be Fearful When Others Are Greedy and Greedy When Others Are Fearful. -- Warren Buffett
The most important thing to do if you find yourself in a hole is to stop digging. -- Warren Buffett
Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is likely to be more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks. -- Warren Buffett
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that you'll do things differently. -- Warren Buffett
If you've been playing poker for half an hour and you still don't know who the patsy is, you're the patsy. -- Warren Buffett
You can't produce a baby in one month by getting nine women pregnant. -- Warren Buffett
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get. -- Warren Buffett
Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning. -- Warren Buffett
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong. -- Warren Buffett
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. -- Warren Buffett
It's nice to have a lot of money, but you know, you don't want to keep it around forever. I prefer buying things. Otherwise, it's a little like saving sex for your old age. -- Warren Buffett
There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult. -- Warren Buffett
If youre in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent. -- Warren Buffett
I do know that when I am 60, I should be attempting to achieve different personal goals than those which had priority at age 20. -- Warren Buffett
A holding company is the people you give your money to while you're being searched. -- Will Rogers
Don't gamble take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it. -- Will Rogers
The schools ain't what they used to be and never was. -- Will Rogers
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -- Will Rogers
Being a hero is about the shortest-lived profession on earth. -- Will Rogers
This thing of being a hero, about the main thing to it is to know when to die. -- Will Rogers
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'nice doggie' until you can find a rock. -- Will Rogers
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. -- Will Rogers
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can. -- Will Rogers
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects. -- Will Rogers
It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that ain't so. -- Will Rogers
A difference of opinion is what makes horse racing and missionaries. -- Will Rogers
I'm not a member of any organized party, I'm a Democrat. -- Will Rogers
More men have been elected between Sundown and Sunup than ever were elected between Sunup and Sundown. -- Will Rogers
If you ever injected truth into politics you would have no politics. -- Will Rogers
The more you read about politics, the more you got to admit that each party is worse than the other. -- Will Rogers
Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -- Will Rogers
One revolution is like one cocktail, it just gets you organized for the next. -- Will Rogers
Artistic temperament is a disease that afflicts amateurs. -- G.K Chesterton
Men always talk about the most important things to perfect strangers. -- G.K Chesterton
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it. -- G.K Chesterton
Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated. -- G.K Chesterton
There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect. -- G.K Chesterton
Leisure is being allowed to do nothing. -- G.K Chesterton
We make our friends we make our enemies but God makes our next-door neighbour. -- G.K Chesterton
The word 'good' has many meanings. For example, if a man were to shoot his grandmother at a range of five hundred yards, I should call him a good shot, but not necessarily a good man. -- G.K Chesterton
Happiness is a mystery like religion, and it should never be rationalized. -- G.K Chesterton
A tragedy means always a man's struggle with that which is stronger than man. -- G.K Chesterton
A great city is the place to escape the true drama of provincial life, and find solace in fantasy. -- G.K Chesterton
To be clever enough to get all that money, one must be stupid enough to want it. -- G.K Chesterton
Music with dinner is an insult, both to the cook and the violinist. -- G.K Chesterton
The mind that finds its way to wild places is the poet's but the mind that never finds its way back is the lunatic's. -- G.K Chesterton
When people cease to believe in God, they don't believe in nothing they believe in anything. -- G.K Chesterton
Advertising is legalized lying. -- H.G. Wells
Cynicism is humour in ill health. -- H.G. Wells
To be honest, one must be inconsistent. -- H.G. Wells
Moral indignation - jealousy with a halo. -- H.G. Wells
I want to go ahead of Father Time with a scythe of my own. -- H.G. Wells
Crude classifications and false generalizations are the curse of organized life. -- H.G. Wells
The past is but the beginning of a beginning, and all that is and has been is but the twilight of the dawn. -- H.G. Wells
The future is the shape of things to come. -- H.G. Wells
The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow. -- H.G. Wells
Human history is in essence a history of ideas. -- H.G. Wells
Our true nationality is mankind. -- H.G. Wells
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. -- H.G. Wells
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race. -- H.G. Wells
No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else's draft. -- H.G. Wells
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe. -- H.G. Wells
If we don't end war, war will end us. -- H.G. Wells
Civilization is a race between disaster and education. -- H.G. Wells
Losing your way on a journey is unfortunate. But, losing your reason for the journey is a fate more cruel. -- H.G. Wells
If you deliberately set out to be less than you are capable, you'll be unhappy for the rest of your life. -- Abraham H. Maslow
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself. What a man can be, he must be. -- Abraham H. Maslow
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. -- Abraham H. Maslow
One can choose to go back toward safety or forward toward growth. Growth must be chosen again and again fear must be overcome again and again. -- Abraham H. Maslow
Life is an ongoing process of choosing between safety (out of fear and need for defense) and risk (for the sake of progress and growth). Make the growth choice a dozen times a day. -- Abraham H. Maslow
One's only rival is one's own potentialities. One's only failure is failing to live up to one's own possibilities. In this sense, every man can be a king, and must therefore be treated like a king. -- Abraham H. Maslow
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself. -- Abraham H. Maslow
I can feel guilty about the past, apprehensive about the future, but only in the present can I act. The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness. -- Abraham H. Maslow
A first rate soup is better than a second rate painting. -- Abraham H. Maslow
We fear our highest possibility (as well as our lowest one). We are generally afraid to become that which we can glimpse in our most perfect moments. -- Abraham H. Maslow
A book is a mirror: if an ape looks into it an apostle is hardly likely to look out. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
Actual aristocracy cannot be abolished by any law: all the law can do is decree how it is to be imparted and who is to acquire it. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
Doubt must be no more than vigilance, otherwise it can become dangerous. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
God created man in His own image, says the Bible philosophers reverse the process: they create God in theirs. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage - he won't encounter many rivals. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
I am convinced we do not only love ourselves in others but hate ourselves in others too. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
If the little bit you have is nothing special in itself, at least find a way of saying it that is a little bit special. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
Man is to be found in reason, God in the passions. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
One must judge men not by their opinions, but by what their opinions have made of them. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
Sickness is mankind's greatest defect. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
That man is the noblest creature may also be inferred from the fact that no other creature has yet contested this claim. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
The most dangerous untruths are truths slightly distorted. -- Georg C. Lichtenberg
If a dog will not come to you after having looked you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience. -- Woodrow Wilson
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and to impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. -- Woodrow Wilson
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it. -- Woodrow Wilson
A conservative is a man who sits and thinks, mostly sits. -- Woodrow Wilson
Liberty has never come from the government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of the government. The history of government is a history of resistance. The history of liberty is the history of the limitation of government, not the increase of it. -- Woodrow Wilson
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow. -- Woodrow Wilson
If you want to make enemies, try to change something. -- Woodrow Wilson
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together. -- Woodrow Wilson
I not only use all the brains I have, but all I can borrow. -- Woodrow Wilson
We are citizens of the world. The tragedy of our times is that we do not know this. -- Woodrow Wilson
The seed of revolution is repression. -- Woodrow Wilson
When men take up arms to set other men free, there is something sacred and holy in the warfare. -- Woodrow Wilson
War isnt declared in the name of God it is a human affair entirely. -- Woodrow Wilson
What shall it profit a man if he gains the whole world but loses his soul. -- Jesus Christ
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. -- Jesus Christ
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the Kingdom of Heaven. -- Jesus Christ
For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and he who humbles himself will be exalted. -- Jesus Christ
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone. -- Jesus Christ
The good man brings good things out of the good stored up in his heart, and the evil man brings evil things out of the evil stored up in his heart. For out of the overflow of his heart his mouth speaks. -- Jesus Christ
No one lights a lamp and puts it in a place where it will be hidden, or under a bowl. Instead he puts it on its stand, so that those who come in may see the light. -- Jesus Christ
Love the Lord your God with all your passion and prayer and intelligence. Love others as well as you love yourself. -- Jesus Christ
Let one who has become wealthy reign, and let one who has power renounce. -- Jesus Christ
Blessed are they who hunger and thirst for righteousness for they shall be satisfied. -- Jesus Christ
You have heard that it was said, 'Eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.' But I tell you, do not resist an evil person. If someone strikes you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. -- Jesus Christ
You are the salt of the earth but if the salt loses its flavor, how shall it be seasoned? It is then good for nothing but to be thrown out and trampled underfoot by men. -- Jesus Christ
My specialty is detached malevolence. -- Alice Longworth
If you can't say something good about someone, sit right here by me. -- Alice Longworth
I have a simple philosophy. Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. And scratch where it itches. -- Alice Longworth
You can't make souffle rise twice. -- Alice Longworth
He looks as though he's been weaned on a pickle. -- Alice Longworth
I've always believed in the adage that the secret of eternal youth is arrested development. -- Alice Longworth
If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me. -- Alice Longworth
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Speak softly and carry a big stick you will go far. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. -- Theodore Roosevelt
To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public. -- Theodore Roosevelt
To educate a person in the mind but not in morals is to educate a menace to society. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first and love of soft living and the get-rich-quick theory of life. -- Theodore Roosevelt
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -- Theodore Roosevelt
I am a part of everything that I have read. -- Theodore Roosevelt
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country. -- Theodore Roosevelt
No man needs sympathy because he has to work, because he has a burden to carry. Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. -- Theodore Roosevelt
When you play, play hard when you work, don't play at all. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Knowing what's right doesn't mean much unless you do what's right. -- Theodore Roosevelt
A vote is like a rifle: its usefulness depends upon the character of the user. -- Theodore Roosevelt
When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not Guilty'. -- Theodore Roosevelt
I am an American free born and free bred, where I acknowledge no man as my superior, except for his own worth, or as my inferior, except for his own demerit. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Don't hit at all if it is honorably possible to avoid hitting but never hit soft!. -- Theodore Roosevelt
If given the choice between Righteousness and Peace, I choose Righteousness. -- Theodore Roosevelt
A man who has never gone to school may steal a freight car but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, 'Certainly I can!' Then get busy and find out how to do it. -- Theodore Roosevelt
When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on. -- Theodore Roosevelt
All we have to fear is fear itself. -- Franklin D.Roosevelt
No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Only those are fit to live who do not fear to die and none are fit to die who have shrunk from the joy of life and the duty of life. Both life and death are parts of the same Great Adventure. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The joy in life is his who has the heart to demand it. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The reason fat men are good natured is they can neither fight nor run. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Never throughout history has a man who lived a life of ease left a name worth remembering. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask whats for lunch. -- Orson Welles
I don't pray really, because I don't want to bore God. -- Orson Welles
The absence of limitations is the enemy of art. -- Orson Welles
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone. -- Orson Welles
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story. -- Orson Welles
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people. -- Orson Welles
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn. -- Orson Welles
I passionately hate the idea of being with it, I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time. -- Orson Welles
I don't say we all ought to misbehave, but we ought to look as if we could. -- Orson Welles
A toast, Jedediah, to love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows - his own. -- Orson Welles
Every actor in his heart believes everything bad that's printed about him. -- Orson Welles
A writer needs a pen, an artist needs a brush, but a filmmaker needs an army. -- Orson Welles
Old age is the only disease you dont want to be cured of. -- Orson Welles
From the happy expression on their faces you might have supposed that they welcomed the war. I have met with men who loved stamps, and stones, and snakes, but I could not imagine any man loving war. -- Margot Asquith
He could not see a belt without hitting below it. -- Margot Asquith
He has a brilliant mind until he makes it up. -- Margot Asquith
He's very clever, but sometimes his brains go to his head. -- Margot Asquith
It is easier to influence strong than weak characters in life. -- Margot Asquith
His modesty amounts to deformity. -- Margot Asquith
Rich men's houses are seldom beautiful, rarely comfortable, and never original. It is a constant source of surprise to people of moderate means to observe how little a big fortune contributes to Beauty. -- Margot Asquith
Symbols are the imaginative signposts of life. -- Margot Asquith
The capacity to suffer varies more than anything that I have observed in human nature. -- Margot Asquith
There are some people that you cannot change, you must either swallow them whole or leave them alone. -- Margot Asquith
The spirit of man is an inward flame a lamp the world blows upon but never puts out. -- Margot Asquith
If you have been sunned through and through like an apricot on a wall from your earliest days, you are oversensitive to any withdrawal of heat. -- Margot Asquith
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. -- W. C. Fields
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it. -- W. C. Fields
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food. -- W. C. Fields
Everybody's got to believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer. -- W. C. Fields
Fell in love with a beautiful blonde once. Drove me to drink. And I never had the decency to thank her. -- W. C. Fields
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to. -- W. C. Fields
Take me down to the bar! We'll drink breakfast together!. -- W. C. Fields
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money. -- W. C. Fields
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. -- W. C. Fields
Ah, the patter of little feet around the house. There's nothing like having a midget for a butler. -- W. C. Fields
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people. -- W. C. Fields
I always keep some whiskey handy in case I see a snake...which I also keep handy. -- W. C. Fields
A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for. -- W. C. Fields
No doubt exists that all women are crazy it's only a question of degree. -- W. C. Fields
I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it. -- W. C. Fields
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. -- Marilyn Monroe
I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. -- Marilyn Monroe
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left. -- Marilyn Monroe
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love. -- Marilyn Monroe
If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything. -- Marilyn Monroe
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty. -- Marilyn Monroe
When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them. -- Marilyn Monroe
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone. -- Marilyn Monroe
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space. -- Marilyn Monroe
Ever notice how 'What the hell' is always the right answer?. -- Marilyn Monroe
Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world. -- Marilyn Monroe
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it. -- Marilyn Monroe
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!. -- Marilyn Monroe
I restore myself when I'm alone. -- Marilyn Monroe
Diamonds are a girls best friend. -- Marilyn Monroe
You never know what life is like, until you have lived it. -- Marilyn Monroe
The body is meant to be seen, not all covered up. -- Marilyn Monroe
If I play a stupid girl and ask a stupid question, I've got to follow it through, what am I supposed to do, look intelligent?. -- Marilyn Monroe
What do I wear in bed? Why, Chanel No. 5, of course. -- Marilyn Monroe
We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift. -- Marilyn Monroe
I've been on a calendar, but never on time. -- Marilyn Monroe
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him. -- Marilyn Monroe
The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream. -- Marilyn Monroe
It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone. -- Marilyn Monroe
Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand. -- Homer Simpson
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman. -- Homer Simpson
Well, it's 1 a.m. Better go home and spend some quality time with the kids. -- Homer Simpson
Maybe, just once, someone will call me 'Sir' without adding, 'You're making a scene.'. -- Homer Simpson
Doughnuts. Is there anything they can't do?. -- Homer Simpson
You know, boys, a nuclear reactor is a lot like a woman. You just have to read the manual and press the right buttons. -- Homer Simpson
Lisa, if you don't like your job you don't strike. You just go in every day and do it really half-assed. That's the American way. -- Homer Simpson
When will I learn? The answer to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV!. -- Homer Simpson
Son, when you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or lose: it's how drunk you get. -- Homer Simpson
I'm going to the back seat of my car, with the woman I love, and I won't be back for ten minutes!. -- Homer Simpson
[Meeting Aliens] Please don't eat me! I have a wife and kids. Eat them!. -- Homer Simpson
What do we need a psychiatrist for? We know our kid is nuts. -- Homer Simpson
Marge, you're as beautiful as Princess Leia and as smart as Yoda. -- Homer Simpson
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try. -- Homer Simpson
Getting out of jury duty is easy. The trick is to say you're prejudiced against all races. -- Homer Simpson
Kill my boss? Do I dare live out the American dream?. -- Homer Simpson
I'm never going to be disabled. I'm sick of being so healthy. -- Homer Simpson
All my life I've had one dream, to achieve my many goals. -- Homer Simpson
Dad, you've done a lot of great things, but you're a very old man, and old people are useless. -- Homer Simpson
But Marge, what if we chose the wrong religion? Each week we just make God madder and madder. -- Homer Simpson
'To Start Press Any Key'. Where's the ANY key?. -- Homer Simpson
Beer: The cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. -- Homer Simpson
This is something basic to be understood: the ego must come to a peak, it must be strong, it must have attained an integrity only then can you dissolve it. -- Osho
In the East, all the religions preach egolessness. So in the East, everybody is against the ego from the very beginning. -- Osho
So whenever a Western seeker reaches to an understanding that ego is the problem, he can easily dissolve it, more easily than any Eastern seeker. -- Osho
Your inner world has its own taste, has its own fragrance, has its own light. And it is utterly silent. -- Osho
Meditation will bring you sensitivity, a great sense of belonging to the world. It is our world - the stars are ours, and we are not foreigners here. We are part of it, we are the heart of it. -- Osho
And this sensitivity will create new friendships for you - friendships with trees, with birds, with animals, with mountains, with rivers, with oceans, with stars. Life becomes richer as love grows. -- Osho
If you meditate, sooner or later you will come upon love. If you meditate deeply, sooner or later you will start feeling a tremendous love arising in you that you have never known before. -- Osho
You want a love which is born out of meditation, not born out of the mind. -- Osho
Drop the idea of becoming someone, because you are already a masterpiece. You cannot be improved. You have only to come to it, to know it, to realize it. -- Osho
Be realistic: Plan for a miracle. -- Osho
My meditation is simple. It does not require any complex practices. It is simple. It is singing. It is dancing. It is sitting silently. -- Osho
Nobody has the power to take two steps together you can take only one step at a time. -- Osho
Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence. -- Osho
If you are a parent, open doors to unknown directions to the child so he can explore. Don't make him afraid of the unknown,give him support. -- Osho
One just needs a little alertness to see and find out: Life is really a great cosmic laughter. -- Osho
It's not a question of learning much.On the contrary.It's a question of UNLEARNING much. -- Osho
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made. -- Groucho Marx
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it. -- Groucho Marx
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception. -- Groucho Marx
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them...well I have others. -- Groucho Marx
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies. -- Groucho Marx
Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, and I'm going to be happy in it. -- Groucho Marx
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself. -- Groucho Marx
I'm not crazy about reality, but it's still the only place to get a decent meal. -- Groucho Marx
I have nothing but respect for you - and not much of that. -- Groucho Marx
If you're not having fun, you're doing something wrong. -- Groucho Marx
Blessed are the cracked, for they shall let in the light. -- Groucho Marx
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot. -- Groucho Marx
Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted. -- Groucho Marx
Why, look at me. I've worked my way up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty. -- Groucho Marx
Time wounds all heels. -- Groucho Marx
Any place I hang my head is home. -- Groucho Marx
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running. -- Groucho Marx
The only real laughter comes from despair. -- Groucho Marx
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. -- Groucho Marx
Before I speak, I have something important to say. -- Groucho Marx
I've been looking for a girl like you - not you, but a girl like you. -- Groucho Marx
Ill put off readingLolitafor six more years until she turns 18. -- Groucho Marx
Hollywood brides keep the bouquets and throw away the grooms. -- Groucho Marx
If a black cat crosses your path, it signifies that the animal is going somewhere. -- Groucho Marx
Humans are not proud of their ancestors, and rarely invite them round to dinner. -- Douglas Adams
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools. -- Douglas Adams
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job. -- Douglas Adams
There is an art, or rather a knack to flying. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss. -- Douglas Adams
For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen. -- Douglas Adams
He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher... or, as his wife would have it, an idiot. -- Douglas Adams
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. -- Douglas Adams
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. -- Douglas Adams
I seldom end up where I wanted to go, but almost always end up where I need to be. -- Douglas Adams
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes. -- Douglas Adams
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. -- Douglas Adams
An original idea. That can't be too hard. The library must be full of them. -- Stephen Fry
But happiness is no respecter of persons. -- Stephen Fry
Christmas to a child is the first terrible proof that to travel hopefully is better than to arrive. -- Stephen Fry
Having a great intellect is no path to being happy. -- Stephen Fry
I am a lover of truth, a worshipper of freedom, a celebrant at the altar of language and purity and tolerance. -- Stephen Fry
I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me. -- Stephen Fry
I don't watch television, I think it destroys the art of talking about oneself. -- Stephen Fry
I like to think of myself at home in the armchair, writing, smoking and occasionally wandering down the shop. -- Stephen Fry
It is a cliche that most cliches are true, but then like most cliches, that cliche is untrue. -- Stephen Fry
Many people would no more think of entering journalism than the sewage business - which at least does us all some good. -- Stephen Fry
Moving from chair to chair, from coffee machine to coffee machine is the limit of my action in most films. But I enjoy being cast in them because I love watching them. -- Stephen Fry
Old Professors never die, they just lose their faculties. -- Stephen Fry
Taste every fruit of every tree in the garden at least once. It is an insult to creation not to experience it fully. Temperance is wickedness. -- Stephen Fry
If God made anything better than women, I think he kept it for himself. -- Kris Kristofferson
Johnny Cash has always been larger than life. -- Kris Kristofferson
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end. -- Kris Kristofferson
A hero cannot be a hero unless in a heroic world. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
A pure hand needs no glove to cover it. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
A stale article, if you dip it in a good, warm, sunny smile, will go off better than a fresh one that you've scowled upon. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
A woman's chastity consists, like an onion, of a series of coats. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Accuracy is the twin brother of honesty inaccuracy, of dishonesty. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Life is made up of marble and mud. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Love, whether newly born, or aroused from a deathlike slumber, must always create sunshine, filling the heart so full of radiance, this it overflows upon the outward world. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Moonlight is sculpture. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
No man for any considerable period can wear one face to himself and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Selfishness is one of the qualities apt to inspire love. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Sunlight is painting. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
We must not always talk in the market-place of what happens to us in the forest. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
We sometimes congratulate ourselves at the moment of waking from a troubled dream it may be so the moment after death. -- Nathaniel Hawthorne
Im not in this world to live up to your expectations and youre not in this world to live up to mine. -- Bruce Lee
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one. -- Bruce Lee
Be happy, but never satisfied. -- Bruce Lee
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. -- Bruce Lee
Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own. -- Bruce Lee
To hell with circumstances I create opportunities. -- Bruce Lee
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who had practiced one kick 10,000 times. -- Bruce Lee
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. -- Bruce Lee
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. -- Bruce Lee
Empty your cup so that it may be filled become devoid to gain totality. -- Bruce Lee
The great mistake is to anticipate the outcome of the engagement you ought not to be thinking of whether it ends in victory or defeat. Let nature take its course, and your tools will strike at the right moment. -- Bruce Lee
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. -- Bruce Lee
Time means a lot to me because you see I am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing. -- Bruce Lee
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at. -- Bruce Lee
Don't fear failure. Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail. -- Bruce Lee
Boards don't hit back. -- Bruce Lee
Art calls for complete mastery of techniques, developed by reflection within the soul. -- Bruce Lee
The meaning of life is that it is to be lived, and it is not to be traded and conceptualized and squeezed into a patter of systems. -- Bruce Lee
If you don't want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today. -- Bruce Lee
A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence. -- Bruce Lee
Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water. -- Bruce Lee
Do not deny the classical approach, simply as a reaction, or you will have created another pattern and trapped yourself there. -- Bruce Lee
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. -- Bruce Lee
Defeat is not defeat unless accepted as a reality-in your own mind. -- Bruce Lee
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do. -- Bruce Lee
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry. -- Edgar Allan Poe
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears. -- Edgar Allan Poe
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. -- Edgar Allan Poe
I have great faith in fools self-confidence my friends call it. -- Edgar Allan Poe
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty. -- Edgar Allan Poe
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream. -- Edgar Allan Poe
It is the nature of truth in general, as of some ores in particular, to be richest when most superficial. -- Edgar Allan Poe
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -- Edgar Allan Poe
Of puns it has been said that those who most dislike them are those who are least able to utter them. -- Edgar Allan Poe
Stupidity is a talent for misconception. -- Edgar Allan Poe
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence. -- Edgar Allan Poe
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?. -- Edgar Allan Poe
The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world. -- Edgar Allan Poe
There is an eloquence in true enthusiasm. -- Edgar Allan Poe
We loved with a love that was more than love. -- Edgar Allan Poe
With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion. -- Edgar Allan Poe
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality. -- Edgar Allan Poe
A desire to be observed, considered, esteemed, praised, beloved, and admired by his fellows is one of the earliest as well as the keenest dispositions discovered in the heart of man. -- John Adams
Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society. -- John Adams
All the perplexities, confusion and distress in America arise, not from defects in their Constitution or Confederation, not from want of honor or virtue, so much as from the downright ignorance of the nature of coin, credit and circulation. -- John Adams
Because power corrupts, society's demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases. -- John Adams
Democracy... while it lasts is more bloody than either aristocracy or monarchy. Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There is never a democracy that did not commit suicide. -- John Adams
Fear is the foundation of most governments. -- John Adams
Genius is sorrow's child. -- John Adams
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war. -- John Adams
I must not write a word to you about politics, because you are a woman. -- John Adams
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. -- John Adams
If we do not lay out ourselves in the service of mankind whom should we serve?. -- John Adams
Liberty, according to my metaphysics is a self-determining power in an intellectual agent. It implies thought and choice and power. -- John Adams
Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order. -- John Adams
Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak. -- John Adams
Property is surely a right of mankind as real as liberty. -- John Adams
The Declaration of Independence I always considered as a theatrical show. Jefferson ran away with all the stage effect of that... and all the glory of it. -- John Adams
The happiness of society is the end of government. -- John Adams
The right of a nation to kill a tyrant in case of necessity can no more be doubted than to hang a robber, or kill a flea. -- John Adams
There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live. -- John Adams
When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more. -- John Adams
It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding. -- Erma Bombeck
You hear a lot of dialogue on the death of the American family. Families aren't dying. They're merging into big conglomerates. -- Erma Bombeck
It goes without saying that you should never have more children than you have car windows. -- Erma Bombeck
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -- Erma Bombeck
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'. -- Erma Bombeck
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery. -- Erma Bombeck
But some emotions don't make a lot of noise. It's hard to hear pride. Caring is real faint - like a heartbeat. And pure love why, some days it's so quiet, you don't even know it's there. -- Erma Bombeck
Never lend your car to someone you've given birth to. -- Erma Bombeck
What's with you men? Would hair stop growing on your chest if you asked directions somewhere?. -- Erma Bombeck
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat. -- Erma Bombeck
All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them. -- Erma Bombeck
Anybody who watches three games of football in a row should be declared brain dead. -- Erma Bombeck
Children make your life important. -- Erma Bombeck
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial. -- Erma Bombeck
Never accept a drink from a urologist. -- Erma Bombeck
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. -- Erma Bombeck
There is nothing more miserable in the world than to arrive in paradise and look like your passport photo. -- Erma Bombeck
I have already joined myself in marriage to a husband, namely the kingdom of England. -- Elizabeth I of England
Better beggar woman and single than Queen and married. -- Elizabeth I of England
We princes are set as it were upon stages in the sight and view of the world. -- Elizabeth I of England
There is only one Christ, Jesus, one faith. All else is a dispute over trifles. -- Elizabeth I of England
I have no desire to make windows into mens souls. -- Elizabeth I of England
It would please me best if, at the last, a marble stone shall record that this Queen having lived such and such a time, lived and died a virgin. -- Elizabeth I of England
Young heads take example of the ancient. -- Elizabeth I of England
I will never be by violence constrained to do anything. -- Elizabeth I of England
You are like my little dog when people see you, they know I am nearby. -- Elizabeth I of England
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor. -- Elizabeth I of England
There is no marvel in a woman learning to speak, but there would be in teaching her to hold her tongue. -- Elizabeth I of England
I know I am but mortal and so therewhilst prepare myself for death, whensoever it shall please God to send it. -- Elizabeth I of England
I have had good experience and trial of this world...I know what it is to be a subject, what to be a sovereign, what to have good neighbours, and sometimes meet evil willers. I have found treason in trust, seen great benefits little regarded. -- Elizabeth I of England
I love children, especially when they cry, for then someone takes them away. -- Nancy Mitford
I have only ever read one book in my life, and that is White Fang. It's so frightfully good I've never bothered to read another. -- Nancy Mitford
To fall in love you have to be in the state of mind for it to take, like a disease. -- Nancy Mitford
The trouble is that people seem to expect happiness in life. I can't imagine why but they do. They are unhappy before they marry, and they imagine to themselves that the reason of their unhappiness will be removed when they are married. When it isn't they blame the other person, which is clearly absurd. I believe that is what generally starts the trouble. -- Nancy Mitford
An aristocracy in a republic is like a chicken whose head has been cut off it may run about in a lively way, but in fact it is dead. -- Nancy Mitford
I think another thing is that we don't really want exclusivity. We accept that it is in the artist's interest to be on sale in every place where they sell music. -- Peter Gabriel
One thing that really appeals to me is this idea of music being a living thing that has an evolution that, in a way, enables the artist to sell a process rather than a piece of product. -- Peter Gabriel
I love Madrid. I am happy to be here. I have been here three years and hope to be here longer. But I am proud of where I come from and never forget the people I grew up with. -- Zinedine Zidane
I may have had a lot of luck in my life, but I still need to find a challenge in the game. -- Zinedine Zidane
We were a family who had come from nothing and now we had respect from French people of all sorts. -- Zinedine Zidane
I can see in your eyes, I can see in your faces, I can see you cry. But what I want to say, there's no reason to cry. Do not, in the name of peace, go in the streets and riot. -- George Weah
I will go on my knees and ask the Liberian people to participate in bringing peace and stability to our country. -- George Weah
My government will be open. Anyone found guilty of corruption will be dealt with in accordance with the law. If you are corrupt you will have to hang your boots. -- George Weah
They say I do not have the qualifications to be president, that I do not have education. Well, I would never divide the Liberian people. -- George Weah
I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than that. -- Mark Knopfler
I just want to be able to play and make people feel good with what I do. When you're thinking that way, anything can happen. And, usually, what happens is good. -- Mark Knopfler
My idea of heaven is a place where the Tyne meets the Delta, where folk music meets the blues. -- Mark Knopfler
Anywhere you go in the world is what you make of it, not what you read in books. -- Alvin Lee
I just couldn't take school seriously: I had this guitar neck with four frets which I kept hidden under the desk. It had strings on it so I would practice my chord shapes under the desk and that's about all I did at school. -- Alvin Lee
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable. -- Robert Fripp
In terms of an identity, an identity reflects an individuality, by definition. And, if there is a quality present, it is recognizable and it can be named. If you can't name it, it means you don't recognize it. -- Robert Fripp
The spoken form is in fact a very restrained representation of what is possible in the musical language. -- Robert Fripp
A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that. -- Chet Atkins
Do it again on the next verse, and people think you meant it. -- Chet Atkins
Everything I've ever done was out of fear of being mediocre. -- Chet Atkins
I'll always be poor in my mind. -- Chet Atkins
Once you become predictable, no one's interested anymore. -- Chet Atkins
Years from now, after I'm gone, someone will listen to what I've done and know I was here. They may not know or care who I was, but they'll hear my guitars speaking for me. -- Chet Atkins
You shape your own destiny. -- Chet Atkins
Advice to intellectuals: let no-one represent you. -- Theodor Adorno
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth. -- Theodor Adorno
All satire is blind to the forces liberated by decay. Which is why total decay has absorbed the forces of satire. -- Theodor Adorno
Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane. -- Theodor Adorno
Domination delegates the physical violence on which it rests to the dominated. -- Theodor Adorno
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime. -- Theodor Adorno
For a man who no longer has a homeland, writing becomes a place to live. -- Theodor Adorno
Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices. -- Theodor Adorno
In many people it is already an impertinence to say 'I'. -- Theodor Adorno
Intelligence is a moral category. -- Theodor Adorno
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar. -- Theodor Adorno
The joke of our time is the suicide of intention. -- Theodor Adorno
The poor are prevented from thinking by the discipline of others, the rich by their own. -- Theodor Adorno
Wrong life cannot be lived rightly. -- Theodor Adorno
Don't send me flowers when I'm dead. If you like me, send them while I'm alive. -- Brian Clough
I wouldn't say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one. -- Brian Clough
They say Rome wasn't built in a day, but I wasn't on that particular job. -- Brian Clough
When I go, God's going to have to give up his favourite chair. -- Brian Clough
When you get to a certain age, there is no coming back. -- Brian Clough
Who the hell wants fourteen pairs of shoes when they go on holiday? I haven't had fourteen pairs in my life. -- Brian Clough
Don't let anyone tell you what you ought to like... Some wines that some experts think are absolutely exquisite don't appeal to me at all. -- John Cleese
I used to desire many, many things, but now I have just one desire, and thats to get rid of all my other desires. -- John Cleese
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?. -- John Cleese
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me. -- John Cleese
If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play. -- John Cleese
You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change. -- John Cleese
Wine is wonderful stuff. But so many people are put off by the snobbery of it. -- John Cleese
The English contribution to world cuisine - the chip. -- John Cleese
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo. -- Mary Pickford
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. -- Mary Pickford
One of the great penalties those of us who live our lives in full view of the public must pay is the loss of that most cherished birthright of man's, privacy. -- Mary Pickford
Make them laugh, make them cry, and back to laughter. What do people go to the theatre for? An emotional exercise. I am a servant of the people. I have never forgotten that. -- Mary Pickford
If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original. -- Ken Robinson
Imagination is the source of every form of human achievement. And it's the one thing that I believe we are systematically jeopardizing in the way we educate our children and ourselves. -- Ken Robinson
Creativity is the process of having original ideas that have value. -- Ken Robinson
I like university professors, but you know, we shouldn't hold them up as the high-water mark of all human achievement. They're just a form of life, another form of life. -- Ken Robinson
Suddenly degrees aren't worth anything. Isn't that true? When I was a student, if you had a degree, you had a job. If you didn't have a job it's because you didn't want one. And I didn't want one, frankly. -- Ken Robinson
Children are happy because they don't have a file in their minds called 'All the Things That Could Go Wrong. -- Marianne Williamson
And no one will listen to us until we listen to ourselves. -- Marianne Williamson
We are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past, but by the love we're not extending in the present. -- Marianne Williamson
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. -- Marianne Williamson
There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. -- Marianne Williamson
In the absence of love, we began slowly but surely to fall apart. -- Marianne Williamson
Women are still in emotional bondage as long as we need to worry that we might have to make a choice between being heard and being loved. -- Marianne Williamson
Everything we do is infused with the energy with which we do it. If we're frantic, life will be frantic. If we're peaceful, life will be peaceful. And so our goal in any situation becomes inner peace. -- Marianne Williamson
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world. -- Marianne Williamson
Success means we go to sleep at night knowing that our talents and ablities were used in a way that served others. -- Marianne Williamson
Love is what we are born with. Fear is what we have learned here. The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and the acceptance of love back into our hearts. -- Marianne Williamson
Spiritual progress is like a detoxification. -- Marianne Williamson
When a woman rises up in glory, her energy is magnetic and her sense of possibility contagious. -- Marianne Williamson
To be a princess is to play at life. To be a queen is to be a serious player...The purpose of life as a woman is to ascend to the throne and rule with heart. -- Marianne Williamson
When a woman conceives her true self, a miracle occurs and life around her begins again. -- Marianne Williamson
Imagination does not become great until human beings, given the courage and the strength, use it to create. -- Maria Montessori
It is not enough for the teacher to love the child. She must first love and understand the universe. She must prepare herself, and truly work at it. -- Maria Montessori
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war. -- Maria Montessori
Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed. -- Maria Montessori
Within the child lies the fate of the future. -- Maria Montessori
No social problem is as universal as the oppression of the child. -- Maria Montessori
Do not erase the designs the child makes in the soft wax of his inner life. -- Maria Montessori
Free the child's potential, and you will transform him into the world. -- Maria Montessori
If help and salvation are to come, they can only come from the children, for the children are the makers of men. -- Maria Montessori
One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child. -- Maria Montessori
The first idea the child must acquire is that of the difference between good and evil. -- Maria Montessori
Never argue with an idiot. They drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience. -- Edward Murphy
If your dog is going to suffer from diarrhea, it will happen between the time the carpet is cleaned for the holidays and the last holiday get-together. -- Edward Murphy
Every aquarium will eventually leak. -- Edward Murphy
When playing board-games which involve quizzes etc, you will always know the answers to everyone else's set of questions but never your own. -- Edward Murphy
The one you buy will be the only one that doesn't work. -- Edward Murphy
The more skilled you are at something, the worse you are at it when showing someone. -- Edward Murphy
The first thing you'll have to do, is the last thing you wished. -- Edward Murphy
If you have no problems, then you have no clue to what is going. -- Edward Murphy
If you're happy, don't worry you'll get over it. -- Edward Murphy
Nothing is as easy as it looks. -- Edward Murphy
I confess that in 1901 I said to my brother Orville that man would not fly for fifty years. -- Wilbur Wright
It is possible to fly without motors, but not without knowledge and skill. -- Wilbur Wright
Men become wise just as they become rich, more by what they save than by what they receive. -- Wilbur Wright
The desire to fly is an idea handed down to us by our ancestors who... looked enviously on the birds soaring freely through space... on the infinite highway of the air. -- Wilbur Wright
The fact that the great scientist believed in flying machines was the one thing that encouraged us to begin our studies. -- Wilbur Wright
A sudden dart when a little over a hundred feet from the end of the track, or a little over 120 feet from the point at which it rose into the air, ended the flight. -- Orville Wright
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true, there would be little hope of advance. -- Orville Wright
In just six weeks from the time the design was started, we had the motor on the block testing its power. -- Orville Wright
Isn't it astonishing that all these secrets have been preserved for so many years just so we could discover them!. -- Orville Wright
No flying machine will ever fly from New York to Paris. -- Orville Wright
If any of you cry at my funeral, I'll never speak to you again. -- Stan Laurel
You can lead a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead. -- Stan Laurel
I had a dream that I was awake and I woke up to find myself asleep. -- Stan Laurel
If you had a face like mine, you'd punch me right on the nose, and I'm just the fella to do it. -- Stan Laurel
Well, if she was dumb enough to marry you, she'll believe anything. -- Oliver Hardy
We never see ourselves as others see us. -- Oliver Hardy
A day without laughter is a day wasted. -- Charlie Chaplin
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down. -- Charlie Chaplin
We think too much and feel too little. -- Charlie Chaplin
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles. -- Charlie Chaplin
A man's true character comes out when he's drunk. -- Charlie Chaplin
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself. -- Charlie Chaplin
I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying. -- Charlie Chaplin
What do you want meaning for? Life is desire, not meaning. -- Charlie Chaplin
In the end, everything is a gag. -- Charlie Chaplin
Perfect love is the most beautiful of all frustrations because it is more than one can express. -- Charlie Chaplin
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it. -- Charlie Chaplin
I will not join any club who will take me as a member. -- Charlie Chaplin
Actors search for rejection. If they don't get it they reject themselves. -- Charlie Chaplin
That's the trouble with the world. We all despise ourselves. -- Charlie Chaplin
Life can be wonderful if you're not afraid of it. All it takes is courage, imagination ... and a little dough. -- Charlie Chaplin
Enemies make you stronger, allies make you weaker. -- Frank Herbert
He who can destroy a thing, can control a thing. -- Frank Herbert
How often it is that the angry man rages denial of what his inner self is telling him. -- Frank Herbert
It is a wise man that does know the contented man is never poor, whilst the discontented man is never rich. -- Frank Herbert
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty. -- Frank Herbert
If you think of yourselves as helpless and ineffectual, it is certain that you will create a despotic government to be your master. The wise despot, therefore, maintains among his subjects a popular sense that they are helpless and ineffectual. -- Frank Herbert
Absolute power does not corrupt absolutely, absolute power attracts the corruptible. -- Frank Herbert
There is no real ending. It's just the place where you stop the story. -- Frank Herbert
Truth suffers from too much analysis. -- Frank Herbert
Deep in the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical universe that makes sense. But the real universe is always one step beyond logic. -- Frank Herbert
A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it. -- Frank Herbert
The gift of words is the gift of deception and illusion. -- Frank Herbert
The purpose of argument is to change the nature of truth. -- Frank Herbert
What do you despise? By this are you truly known. -- Frank Herbert
The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action. -- Frank Herbert
If you don't like someone's story, write your own. -- Chinua Achebe
To me, being an intellectual doesn't mean knowing about intellectual issues it means taking pleasure in them. -- Chinua Achebe
The white man is very clever. He came quietly and peaceably with his religion. We were amused at his foolishness and allowed him to stay. Now he has won our brothers, and our clan can no longer act like one. He has put a knife on the things that held us together and we have fallen apart. -- Chinua Achebe
My weapon is literature. -- Chinua Achebe
The real solution lies in a world in which charity will have become unnecessary. -- Chinua Achebe
Charity ... is the opium of the privileged. -- Chinua Achebe
It is the story that owns and directs us. It is the thing that makes us different from cattle it is the mark on the face that sets one people apart from their neighbors. -- Chinua Achebe
People create stories create people or rather stories create people create stories. -- Chinua Achebe
One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised. -- Chinua Achebe
In the increasingly convincing darkness the words become palpable, like a fruit that is too beautiful to eat. -- John Ashbery
Just when I thought there wasn't room enough for another thought in my head, I had this great idea. -- John Ashbery
I don't look on poetry as closed works. I feel they're going on all the time in my head and I occasionally snip off a length. -- John Ashbery
I like poems you can tack all over with a hammer and there are no hollow places. -- John Ashbery
I write with experiences in mind, but I don't write about them, I write out of them. -- John Ashbery
There is the view that poetry should improve your life. I think people confuse it with the Salvation Army. -- John Ashbery
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. -- Joseph Addison
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -- Joseph Addison
Of all the diversions of life, there is none so proper to fill up its empty spaces as the reading of useful and entertaining authors. -- Joseph Addison
A man's first care should be to avoid the reproaches of his own heart. -- Joseph Addison
The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship. To raise this to the highest pitch of enjoyment, is a secret which but few discover. -- Joseph Addison
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -- Joseph Addison
If you wish success in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother and hope your guardian genius. -- Joseph Addison
Quick sensitivity is inseperable from a ready understanding. -- Joseph Addison
Courage is the thing. All goes if courage goes. -- Joseph Addison
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to a human soul. -- Joseph Addison
I will indulge my sorrows, and give way to all the pangs and fury of despair. -- Joseph Addison
Life is like a library owned by the author. In it are a few books which he wrote himself, but most of them were written for him. -- Harry Fosdick
I would rather live in a world where my life is surrounded by mystery than live in a world so small that my mind could comprehend it. -- Harry Fosdick
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it. -- Harry Fosdick
Democracy is...the conviction that there are extraordinary possibilities in ordinary people. -- Harry Fosdick
He who chooses the beginning of the road chooses the place it leads to. -- Harry Fosdick
I think, therefore I am. -- Rene Descartes
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things. -- Rene Descartes
The reading of all good books is like conversation with the finest men of past centuries. -- Rene Descartes
Common sense is the most widely shared commodity in the world, for every man is convinced that he is well supplied with it. -- Rene Descartes
When it is not in our power to determine what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable. -- Rene Descartes
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues. -- Rene Descartes
I desire to live in peace and to continue the life I have begun under the motto 'to live well you must live unseen'. -- Rene Descartes
It is not enough to have a good mind the main thing is to use it well. -- Rene Descartes
In order to seek truth, it is necessary once in the course of our life to doubt, as far as possible, of all things. -- Rene Descartes
Doubt is the origin of wisdom. -- Rene Descartes
Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems. -- Rene Descartes
The experience gathered from books, though often valuable,is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is of the nature of wisdom. -- Samuel Smiles
Sow a thought and you get an act Sow an act and you get a habit Sow a habit and you get a character Sow a character and you get a destiny. -- Samuel Smiles
We often discover what will do by finding out what will not do and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery. -- Samuel Smiles
A place for everything, and everything in its place. -- Samuel Smiles
An intense anticipation itself transforms possibility into reality our desires being often but precursors of the things which we are capable of performing. -- Samuel Smiles
Enthusiasm... the sustaining power of all great action. -- Samuel Smiles
He who never made a mistake, never made a discovery. -- Samuel Smiles
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us. -- Samuel Smiles
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not. -- Blaise Pascal
We can only know God well when we know our own sin. And those who have known God without knowing their wretchedness have not glorified Him but have glorified themselves. -- Blaise Pascal
There is a God shaped vacuum in the heart of every man which cannot be filled by any created thing, but only by God, the Creator, made known through Jesus. -- Blaise Pascal
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction. -- Blaise Pascal
I'm sorry I wrote you such a long letter I didn't have time to write a short one. -- Blaise Pascal
All of humanity's problems stem from man's inability to sit quietly in a room alone. -- Blaise Pascal
You always admire what you really don't understand. -- Blaise Pascal
Kind words don't cost much. Yet they accomplish much. -- Blaise Pascal
In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadow for those who don't. -- Blaise Pascal
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back. -- Blaise Pascal
Man's sensitivity to the little things and insensitivity to the greatest are the signs of a strange disorder. -- Blaise Pascal
In the United States today, we have more than our share of the nattering nabobs of negativism. -- Spiro Agnew
A spirit of national masochism prevails, encouraged by an effete corps of impudent snobs who characterize themselves as intellectuals. -- Spiro Agnew
The lessons of the past are ignored and obliterated in a contemporary antagonism known as the generation gap. -- Spiro Agnew
Confronted with the choice, the American people would choose the policeman's truncheon over the anarchist's bomb. -- Spiro Agnew
A tiny and closed fraternity of privileged men, elected by no one, and enjoying a monopoly sanctioned and licensed by government. -- Spiro Agnew
Yippies, Hippies, Yahoos, Black Panthers, lions and tigers alike - I would swap the whole damn zoo for the kind of young Americans I saw in Vietnam. -- Spiro Agnew
The American people should be made aware of the trend toward monopolization of the great public information vehicles and the concentration of more and more power over public opinion in fewer and fewer hands. -- Spiro Agnew
Some newspapers are fit only to line the bottom of bird cages. -- Spiro Agnew
An intellectual is a man who doesn't know how to park a bike. -- Spiro Agnew
I apologize for lying to you. I promise I won't deceive you except in matters of this sort. -- Spiro Agnew
I have often been accused of putting my foot in my mouth, but I will never put my hand in your pockets. -- Spiro Agnew
To one extent, if you've seen one city slum, you've seen them all. -- Spiro Agnew
All sport ... is one of the few activities where young people can proceed along traditional avenues, where objectives are clear, where the desire to win is not only permissible, but encouraged. -- Spiro Agnew
Three things have been difficult to tame: the oceans, fools, and women. We may soon be able to tame the oceans fools and women will take a little longer. -- Spiro Agnew
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience. -- Miguel de Cervantes
To attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Too much sanity may be madness - and the maddest of all is to see life as it is and not as it should be. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Delay always breeds danger. To protract a great design is often to ruin it. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Diligence is the mother of good fortune. And idleness, its opposite, never brought a man to the goal of any of his best wishes. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Drink moderately, for drunkenness neither keeps a secret nor observes a promise. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Forewarned, forearmed. To be prepared is half the victory. -- Miguel de Cervantes
True valor lies between cowardice and rashness. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Good actions ennoble us, and we are the sons of our deeds. -- Miguel de Cervantes
A person preaches well that lives well. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Tell me thy company, and I shall tell thee what thou art. -- Miguel de Cervantes
That which costs little is less valued. -- Miguel de Cervantes
The gratification of wealth is not found in mere possession or in lavish expenditure, but in its wise application. -- Miguel de Cervantes
The knowledge of oneself will preserve that person from vanity. -- Miguel de Cervantes
There is also this benefit in brag: that the speaker is unconsciously expressing his own ideal. Humor him by all means, draw it all out, and hold him to it. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Time ripens all things no one is born wise. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Laziness never arrived at the attainment of a good wish. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Never stand begging for what one has the power to earn. -- Miguel de Cervantes
Jests that give pains are not jests. -- Miguel de Cervantes
It seldom happens that any felicity comes so pure as not to be tempered and allayed by some mixture of sorrow. -- Miguel de Cervantes
One who loses wealth loses much. One who loses a friend loses more. But one who loses courage loses all. -- Miguel de Cervantes
By providing students in our Nation with such an education, we help save our children from the clutches of poverty, crime, drugs, and hopelessness, and we help safeguard our Nation's prosperity for generations yet unborn. -- Elijah Cummings
In the same vein as these events, National Minority Health Month also serves as a reminder of how much work needs to be done to eliminate health and healthcare inequities. -- Elijah Cummings
It was to carry the American democratic journey beyond these failings that Black citizens and civil rights workers risked unemployment, violence and death. -- Elijah Cummings
More than 26,000 lives may be lost to the effects of drug abuse this year. This tragic impact is felt in communities across this great nation. Sadly many of these deaths occur among our young people. -- Elijah Cummings
Achievement brings its own anticlimax. -- Maya Angelou
All great achievements require time. -- Maya Angelou
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened. -- Maya Angelou
As far as I knew white women were never lonely, except in books. White men adored them, Black men desired them and Black women worked for them. -- Maya Angelou
At fifteen life had taught me undeniably that surrender, in its place, was as honorable as resistance, especially if one had no choice. -- Maya Angelou
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean. -- Maya Angelou
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives. -- Maya Angelou
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage. -- Maya Angelou
Effective action is always unjust. -- Maya Angelou
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!. -- Maya Angelou
I believe that every person is born with talent. -- Maya Angelou
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands you need to be able to throw something back. -- Maya Angelou
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return. -- Maya Angelou
Nothing will work unless you do. -- Maya Angelou
The idea is to write it so that people hear it and it slides through the brain and goes straight to the heart. -- Maya Angelou
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. -- Maya Angelou
While the rest of the world has been improving technology, Ghana has been improving the quality of man's humanity to man. -- Maya Angelou
Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them with deeper meaning. -- Maya Angelou
A lot of companies have chosen to downsize, and maybe that was the right thing for them. We chose a different path. Our belief was that if we kept putting great products in front of customers, they would continue to open their wallets. -- Steve Jobs
Apple's market share is bigger than BMW's or Mercedes's or Porsche's in the automotive market. What's wrong with being BMW or Mercedes?. -- Steve Jobs
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. -- Steve Jobs
I think we're having fun. I think our customers really like our products. And we're always trying to do better. -- Steve Jobs
I want to put a ding in the universe. -- Steve Jobs
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor. -- Steve Jobs
It took us three years to build the NeXT computer. If we'd given customers what they said they wanted, we'd have built a computer they'd have been happy with a year after we spoke to them - not something they'd want now. -- Steve Jobs
Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They make it by being Wal-Mart. We make it by innovation. -- Steve Jobs
The people who are doing the work are the moving force behind the Macintosh. My job is to create a space for them, to clear out the rest of the organization and keep it at bay. -- Steve Jobs
To turn really interesting ideas and fledgling technologies into a company that can continue to innovate for years, it requires a lot of disciplines. -- Steve Jobs
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new. -- Steve Jobs
A conqueror is always a lover of peace. -- Karl Von Clausewitz
Although our intellect always longs for clarity and certainty, our nature often finds uncertainty fascinating. -- Karl Von Clausewitz
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior. -- Karl Von Clausewitz
Everything in war is very simple. But the simplest thing is difficult. -- Karl Von Clausewitz
A company is only as good as the people it keeps. -- Mary Kay Ash
A good goal is like a strenuous exercise - it makes you stretch. -- Mary Kay Ash
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. -- Mary Kay Ash
Central banks don't have divine wisdom. They try to do the best analysis they can and must be prepared to stand or fall by the quality of that analysis. -- Mary Kay Ash
Criticize the act, not the person. -- Mary Kay Ash
Dare to risk public criticism. -- Mary Kay Ash
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people. -- Mary Kay Ash
Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret. -- Mary Kay Ash
Give yourself something to work toward - constantly. -- Mary Kay Ash
Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try. -- Mary Kay Ash
People fall forward to success. -- Mary Kay Ash
So many women just don't know how great they really are. They come to us all vogue outside and vague on the inside. -- Mary Kay Ash
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang. -- Mary Kay Ash
You can have anything in this world you want, if you want it badly enough and you're willing to pay the price. -- Mary Kay Ash
In ballet a complicated story is impossible to tell... we can't dance synonyms. -- George Balanchine
In my ballets, woman is first. Men are consorts. God made men to sing the praises of women. They are not equal to men: They are better. -- George Balanchine
Most ballet teachers in the United States are terrible. If they were in medicine, everyone would be poisoned. -- George Balanchine
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth people seek guidance of him who is master of himself. -- James Allen
A man is literally what he thinks. -- James Allen
A man is not rightly conditioned until he is a happy, healthy, and prosperous being and happiness, health, and prosperity are the result of a harmonious adjustment of the inner with the outer of the man with his surroundings. -- James Allen
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life. -- James Allen
Above all be of single aim have a legitimate and useful purpose, and devote yourself unreservedly to it. -- James Allen
All that you accomplish or fail to accomplish with your life is the direct result of your thoughts. -- James Allen
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him. -- James Allen
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil. -- James Allen
Happiness is mental harmony unhappiness is mental inharmony. -- James Allen
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit. -- James Allen
He who would accomplish little must sacrifice little he who would achieve much must sacrifice much he who would attain highly must sacrifice greatly. -- James Allen
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel. -- James Allen
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves they therefore remain bound. -- James Allen
Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation. -- James Allen
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. -- James Allen
No temptation can gravitate to a man unless there is that in his heart which is capable of responding to it. -- James Allen
The more intense the nature of a man, the more readily will he find meditation, and the more successfully will he practice it. -- James Allen
A human being is a deciding being. -- Viktor Frankl
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom. -- Viktor Frankl
Challenging the meaning of life is the truest expression of the state of being human. -- Viktor Frankl
Each man is questioned by life and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life to life he can only respond by being responsible. -- Viktor Frankl
Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for. -- Viktor Frankl
Everyone has his own specific vocation or mission in life everyone must carry out a concrete assignment that demands fulfillment. Therein he cannot be replaced, nor can his life be repeated, thus, everyone's task is unique as his specific opportunity to implement it. -- Viktor Frankl
Everything can be taken from a man or a woman but one thing: the last of human freedoms to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way. -- Viktor Frankl
Fear may come true that which one is afraid of. -- Viktor Frankl
For the meaning of life differs from man to man, from day to day and from hour to hour. What matters, therefore, is not the meaning of life in general but rather the specific meaning of a person's life at a given moment. -- Viktor Frankl
I recommend that the Statue of Liberty be supplemented by a Statue of Responsibility on the west coast. -- Viktor Frankl
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives. -- Viktor Frankl
Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time. -- Viktor Frankl
What is to give light must endure burning. -- Viktor Frankl
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. -- John Wayne
Get off your butt and join the Marines!. -- John Wayne
All battles are fought by scared men who'd rather be some place else. -- John Wayne
If everything isn't black and white, I say, 'Why the hell not?'. -- John Wayne
If you've got them by the balls their hearts and minds will follow. -- John Wayne
Women have the right to work wherever they want, as long as they have the dinner ready when you get home. -- John Wayne
Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid. -- John Wayne
Talk low, talk slow and don't say too much. -- John Wayne
Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday. -- John Wayne
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday. -- John Wayne
A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
A proverb is much matter distilled into few words. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
By 2000, politics will simply fade away. We will not see any political parties. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Dictators never invent their own opportunities. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Don't fight forces, use them. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Either war is obsolete, or men are. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Everyone is born a genius, but the process of living de-geniuses them. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Gold and silver from the dead turn often into lead. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
If you are the master be sometimes blind, if you are the servant be sometimes deaf. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Man knows so much and does so little. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Ninety-nine percent of who you are is invisible and untouchable. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well but their manners should be of the greatest concern. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Pollution is nothing but the resources we are not harvesting. We allow them to disperse because we've been ignorant of their value. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Rashness is the faithful, but unhappy parent of misfortune. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
The earth is like a spaceship that didn't come with an operating manual. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Those who play with the devil's toys will be brought by degrees to wield his sword. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Truth is a tendency. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
You can never learn less, you can only learn more. -- R. Buckminster Fuller
A man who as a physical being is always turned toward the outside, thinking that his happiness lies outside him, finally turns inward and discovers that the source is within him. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. -- Soren Kirkegaard
At the bottom of enmity between strangers lies indifference. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Be that self which one truly is. -- Soren Kirkegaard
During the first period of a man's life the greatest danger is not to take the risk. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Don't forget to love yourself. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are. -- Soren Kirkegaard
I feel as if I were a piece in a game of chess, when my opponent says of it: That piece cannot be moved. -- Soren Kirkegaard
It is so hard to believe because it is so hard to obey. -- Soren Kirkegaard
It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Love is all, it gives all, and it takes all. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Marriage brings one into fatal connection with custom and tradition, and traditions and customs are like the wind and weather, altogether incalculable. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Once you label me you negate me. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts. -- Soren Kirkegaard
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Purity of heart is to will one thing. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor. -- Soren Kirkegaard
Being sober on a bus is, like, totally different than being drunk on a bus. -- Ozzy Osbourne
I am a raging alcoholic and a raging addict and I didn't want to see my kids do the same thing. -- Ozzy Osbourne
Last year I sang for the Queen of England, met the president of the United States, and got an Emmy and a star on The Walk of Fame. And what did I do? I was just being myself. -- Ozzy Osbourne
The lifestyle I've been living for the last 30 years, I could have been dead a thousand times. -- Ozzy Osbourne
The bat thought I was giving him the kiss of life!. -- Ozzy Osbourne
Of all the things I've lost I miss my mind the most. -- Ozzy Osbourne
I have a genuine love affair with my audience. When I'm on stage they're not privileged to see me. It's a privilege for me to see them. -- Ozzy Osbourne
Could be worse . . . I could be Sting. -- Ozzy Osbourne
I can't help thinking that there are only one or two ways of being brought into this world, but there are so many fucked-up ways of leaving it. -- Ozzy Osbourne
I've always had an obligation to creation, above all. -- Nick Cave
People think I'm a miserable sod but it's only because I get asked such bloody miserable questions. -- Nick Cave
I'm a believer. I don't go to church. I don't belong to any particular religion, but I do believe in God. I couldn't write what I write about and be creative without a certain form of belief. -- Nick Cave
An artist's duty is rather to stay open-minded and in a state where he can receive information and inspiration. You always have to be ready for that little artistic Epiphany. -- Nick Cave
I'm very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. It's the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange. -- Nick Cave
The number one problem that keeps people from winning in the United States today is lack of belief in themselves. -- Arthur Williams
I don't believe people die from hard work. They die from stress and worry and fear -- the negative emotions. Those are the killers, not hard work. The fact is, in our society today, most people don't understand what hard work is all about. -- Arthur Williams
You can give in to the failure messages and be a bitter deadbeat of excuses. Or you can choose to be happy and positive and excited about life. -- Arthur Williams
We love the things we love for what they are. -- Robert Frost
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life define yourself. -- Robert Frost
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. -- Robert Frost
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader. -- Robert Frost
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane. -- Robert Frost
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -- Robert Frost
Freedom lies in being bold. -- Robert Frost
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -- Robert Frost
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it. -- Robert Frost
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -- Robert Frost
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes. -- Robert Frost
Humor is the most engaging cowardice. -- Robert Frost
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -- Robert Frost
An idea is salvation by imagination. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Freedom is from within. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
A doctor can bury his mistakes, but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
There is nothing more uncommon than common sense. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Television is chewing gum for the eyes. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Nature is my manifestation of God. I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day's work. I follow in building the principles which nature has used in its domain. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
The truth is more important than the facts. -- Frank Lloyd Wright
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act. -- George Orwell
He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past. -- George Orwell
Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind. -- George Orwell
The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history. -- George Orwell
The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection. -- George Orwell
A dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion. -- George Orwell
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. -- George Orwell
All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting. -- George Orwell
Happiness can exist only in acceptance. -- George Orwell
Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism. -- George Orwell
We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further. -- Richard Dawkins
Be thankful that you have a life, and forsake your vain and presumptuous desire for a second one. -- Richard Dawkins
There is no such thing as a Christian child: only a child of Christian parents. -- Richard Dawkins
Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is the belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence. -- Richard Dawkins
Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish. -- Richard Dawkins
One of the things that is wrong with religion is that it teaches us to be satisfied with answers which are not really answers at all. -- Richard Dawkins
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time. -- Richard Dawkins
The essence of life is statistical improbability on a colossal scale. -- Richard Dawkins
The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but blind pitiless indifference. -- Richard Dawkins
There's real poetry in the real world. Science is the poetry of reality. -- Richard Dawkins
That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence. -- Christopher Hitchens
Human decency is not derived from religion. It precedes it. -- Christopher Hitchens
Terrorism is the tactic of demanding the impossible, and demanding it at gunpoint. -- Christopher Hitchens
Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence. -- Christopher Hitchens
A good liar must have a good memory. -- Christopher Hitchens
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. -- Carl Sagan
Science is not only compatible with spirituality it is a profound source of spirituality. -- Carl Sagan
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown. -- Carl Sagan
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. -- Carl Sagan
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were, but without it we go nowhere. -- Carl Sagan
Our species needs, and deserves, a citizenry with minds wide awake and a basic understanding of how the world works. -- Carl Sagan
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge. -- Carl Sagan
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology. -- Carl Sagan
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge it is thinking that makes what we read ours. -- John Locke
New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not common. -- John Locke
To love truth for truth's sake is the principal part of human perfection in this world, and the seed-plot of all other virtues. -- John Locke
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience. -- John Locke
But there is only one thing which gathers people into seditious commotion, and that is oppression. -- John Locke
All men are liable to error and most men are, in many points, by passion or interest, under temptation to it. -- John Locke
All wealth is the product of labor. -- John Locke
It is easier for a tutor to command than to teach. -- John Locke
Parents wonder why the streams are bitter, when they themselves have poisoned the fountain. -- John Locke
There is not such a cradle of democracy upon the earth as the Free Public Library, this republic of letters, where neither rank, office, nor wealth receives the slightest consideration. -- Andrew Carnegie
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents. -- Andrew Carnegie
It marks a big step in your development when you come to realize that other people can help you do a better job than you could do alone. -- Andrew Carnegie
Aim for the highest. -- Andrew Carnegie
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted. -- Andrew Carnegie
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do. -- Andrew Carnegie
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie
He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave. -- Andrew Carnegie
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -- Andrew Carnegie
The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it. -- Andrew Carnegie
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket. -- Andrew Carnegie
There is little success where there is little laughter. -- Andrew Carnegie
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. -- Andrew Carnegie
Learning gives creativity, Creativity leads to thinking, Thinking provides knowledge, Knowledge makes you great. -- Abdul Kalam
If we are not free, no one will respect us. -- Abdul Kalam
Life is a difficult game. You can win it only by retaining your birthright to be a person. -- Abdul Kalam
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me. -- Abdul Kalam
Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career. -- Abdul Kalam
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success. -- Abdul Kalam
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal. -- Abdul Kalam
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. -- Abdul Kalam
You have to dream before your dreams can come true. -- Abdul Kalam
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended. -- Abdul Kalam
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around. -- Abdul Kalam
Faith is a state of openness or trust. -- Alan Watts
Never pretend to a love which you don't actually feel, for love is not ours to command. -- Alan Watts
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it and join the dance. -- Alan Watts
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be. -- Alan Watts
A myth is an image in terms of which we try to make sense of the world. -- Alan Watts
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone. -- Alan Watts
We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society. -- Alan Watts
Every intelligent individual wants to know what makes him tick, and yet is at once fascinated and frustrated by the fact that oneself is the most difficult of all things to know. -- Alan Watts
I decided to teach because I think that any person who studies philosophy has to be involved actively. -- Angela Davis
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women. -- Angela Davis
We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society. -- Angela Davis
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death. -- Angela Davis
You can never stop and as older people, we have to learn how to take leadership from the youth and I guess I would say that this is what I'm attempting to do right now. -- Angela Davis
Radical simply means 'grasping things at the root'. -- Angela Davis
The idea of freedom is inspiring. But what does it mean? If you are free in a political sense but have no food, what's that? The freedom to starve?. -- Angela Davis
Racism is a much more clandestine, much more hidden kind of phenomenon, but at the same time it's perhaps far more terrible than it's ever been. -- Angela Davis
If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all. -- Audrey Hepburn
If I get married, I want to be very married. -- Audrey Hepburn
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it. -- Audrey Hepburn
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I am possible'. -- Audrey Hepburn
There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain. -- Audrey Hepburn
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. -- Audrey Hepburn
When desire dies, fear is born. -- Baltasar Gracian
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil. -- Baltasar Gracian
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art. -- Baltasar Gracian
A man of honour should never forget what he is because he sees what others are. -- Baltasar Gracian
Don't take the wrong side of an argument just because your opponent has taken the right side. -- Baltasar Gracian
Many have had their greatness made for them by their enemies. -- Baltasar Gracian
A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity. -- Baltasar Gracian
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong. -- Baltasar Gracian
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you. -- Baltasar Gracian
There is always time to add a word, never to withdraw one. -- Baltasar Gracian
True knowledge lies in knowing how to live. -- Baltasar Gracian
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -- Baltasar Gracian
Work is the price which is paid for reputation. -- Baltasar Gracian
There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope. -- Baruch Spinoza
Happiness is a virtue, not its reward. -- Baruch Spinoza
I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of the peace. -- Baruch Spinoza
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free. -- Baruch Spinoza
If you want the present to be different from the past, study the past. -- Baruch Spinoza
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love. -- Baruch Spinoza
The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak. -- Baruch Spinoza
No matter how thin you slice it, there will always be two sides. -- Baruch Spinoza
Will and intellect are one and the same thing. -- Baruch Spinoza
Everything excellent is as difficult as it is rare. -- Baruch Spinoza
Desire is the very essence of man. -- Baruch Spinoza
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason. -- Baruch Spinoza
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice. -- Baruch Spinoza
The greatest pride, or the greatest despondency, is the greatest ignorance of one's self. -- Baruch Spinoza
If you're really spiritual, then you should be totally independent of the good and the bad opinions of the world... you should have faith in yourself. -- Deepak Chopra
Happiness for a reason is just another form of misery because the reason can be taken away from us at any time. -- Deepak Chopra
Whatever relationships you have attracted in your life at this moment, are precisely the ones you need in your life at this moment. There is a hidden meaning behind all events, and this hidden meaning is serving your own evolution. -- Deepak Chopra
Even when you think you have your life all mapped out, things happen that shape your destiny in ways you might never have imagined. -- Deepak Chopra
Love doesn't need reason. It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart. -- Deepak Chopra
Every intention is a trigger for transformation. -- Deepak Chopra
You can wish for things in the future to be different, but in this moment you have to accept things as they are. -- Deepak Chopra
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. -- Deepak Chopra
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future. -- Deepak Chopra
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you. -- Deepak Chopra
We may be surprised at the people we find in heaven. God has a soft spot for sinners. His standards are quite low. -- Desmond Tutu
Though wrong gratifies in the moment, good yields its gifts over a lifetime. -- Desmond Tutu
God is not a diversion. -- Desmond Tutu
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. -- Desmond Tutu
Do your little bit of good where you are it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. -- Desmond Tutu
To forgive is not just to be altruistic. -- Desmond Tutu
Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another. -- Desmond Tutu
A person is a person because he recognizes others as persons. -- Desmond Tutu
Religion is like a knife: you can either use it to cut bread, or stick in someone's back. -- Desmond Tutu
Children are a wonderful gift. They have an extraordinary capacity to see into the heart of things and to expose sham and humbug for what they are. -- Desmond Tutu
I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone who considers himself my master. I want the full menu of rights. -- Desmond Tutu
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. -- Desmond Tutu
Language is very powerful. Language does not just describe reality. Language creates the reality it describes. -- Desmond Tutu
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. -- Desmond Tutu
In mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them. -- John von Neumann
All stable processes we shall predict. All unstable processes we shall control. -- John von Neumann
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is. -- John von Neumann
Anyone who attempts to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of course, living in a state of sin. -- John von Neumann
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development. -- Kofi Annan
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family. -- Kofi Annan
To live is to choose. But to choose well, you must know who you are and what you stand for, where you want to go and why you want to get there. -- Kofi Annan
We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race. -- Kofi Annan
We have the means and the capacity to deal with our problems, if only we can find the political will. -- Kofi Annan
If information and knowledge are central to democracy, they are the conditions for development. -- Kofi Annan
We need to keep hope alive and strive to do better. -- Kofi Annan
In the rush for justice it is important not to lose sight of principles the country holds dear. -- Kofi Annan
Scientist believe in things, not in persons. -- Marie Curie
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. -- Marie Curie
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained. -- Marie Curie
All my life through, the new sights of nature made me rejoice like a child. -- Marie Curie
We must have perserverence and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something. -- Marie Curie
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. -- Marie Curie
A scientist in his laboratory is not a mere technician: he is also a child confronting natural phenomena that impress him as though they were fairy tales.? . -- Marie Curie
After all, science is essentially international, and it is only through lack of the historical sense that national qualities have been attributed to it. -- Marie Curie
I am one of those who think like Nobel, that humanity will draw more good than evil from new discoveries. -- Marie Curie
One never notices what has been done one can only see what remains to be done. -- Marie Curie
I'm not into organized religion. I'm into believing in a higher source of creation, realizing we're all just part of nature. -- Neil Young
As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks. -- Neil Young
To protect our freedoms, it seems we're going to have to relinquish some of our freedoms for a short period of time. -- Neil Young
If you follow every dream, you might get lost. -- Neil Young
When people start asking you to do the same thing over and over again, that's when you know you're way too close to something that you don't want to be near. -- Neil Young
I don't like war. I particularly don't like the celebration of war, which I think the administration is a little bit guilty of. -- Neil Young
One new feature or fresh take can change everything. -- Neil Young
Fearlessness is a result of faith in oneself and faith in God. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
Devotion does not mean only chanting praise and singing glory of God, nor fasting and offerings made to God. Devotion is a specific attitude towards life and existence. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
The most superior amongst the colors in the universe is the colour of Devotion. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
Devotion is a social force. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
God does not work for you, He works with you. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
Action not backed by knowledge and knowledge not translatable into action, both can not stand the test of time. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
Knowledge, Action, Devotion are complementary to each other. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
Only he who accepts clashes and conflicts in life, loves life. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
The strength of Truth lies in Love and the strength of Love lies in Truth. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
The greatest attitude of all is gratitude. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
Progress of mankind is progress of mind and intellect. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
Those who see the invisible can do the impossible. -- Pandurang S. Athavale
A science which does not bring us nearer to God is worthless. -- Simone Weil
Evil being the root of mystery, pain is the root of knowledge. -- Simone Weil
The most important part of teaching is to teach what it is to know. -- Simone Weil
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life. -- Simone Weil
Life does not need to mutilate itself in order to be pure. -- Simone Weil
Love is not consolation. It is light. -- Simone Weil
If we go down into ourselves, we find that we possess exactly what we desire. -- Simone Weil
All sins are attempts to fill voids. -- Simone Weil
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace. -- Simone Weil
Humility is attentive patience. -- Simone Weil
To be rooted is perhaps the most important and least recognized need of the human soul. -- Simone Weil
Everything beautiful has a mark of eternity. -- Simone Weil
In the intellectual order, the virtue of humility is nothing more nor less than the power of attention. -- Simone Weil
The destruction of the past is perhaps the greatest of all crimes. -- Simone Weil
Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions reality can be attained only by someone who is detached. -- Simone Weil
To throw away an honest friend is, as it were, to throw your life away. -- Sophocles
One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession. -- Sophocles
It is the task of a good man to help those in misfortune. -- Sophocles
Fortune cannot aid those who do nothing. -- Sophocles
It was my care to make my life illustrious not by words more than by deeds. -- Sophocles
Not all things are to be discovered many are better concealed. -- Sophocles
One word, Frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love. -- Sophocles
Go then if you must, but remember, no matter how foolish your deeds, those who love you will love you still. -- Sophocles
I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating. -- Sophocles
How dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in the truth. -- Sophocles
The keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities. -- Sophocles
There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. -- Sophocles
A lie never lives to be old. -- Sophocles
All is disgust when a man leaves his own nature and does what is unfit. -- Sophocles
Reverence does not die with mortals, nor does it perish whether they live or die. -- Sophocles
If you try to cure evil with evil you will add more pain to your fate. -- Sophocles
One must wait until the evening to see how splendid the day has been. -- Sophocles
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
Is it progress if a cannibal uses a fork?. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
There is no come back to caves. We are too many. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads lead down. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
In a war of ideas, it is people who get killed. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
When everything has to be right, something isn't. -- Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
Forget like a child any injury done by somebody immediately. Never keep it in the heart. It kindles hatred. -- Swami Sivananda
The secret of life is not enjoyment but education through experience. -- Swami Sivananda
All knowledge that the world has ever received comes from the mind the infinite library of the universe is in our own mind. -- Swami Sivananda
The highest manifestation of strength is to keep ourselves calm and on our own feet. -- Swami Sivananda
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. -- Swami Sivananda
Each soul is potentially divine. -- Swami Sivananda
Desire is poverty. Desire is the greatest impurity of the mind. Desire is the motive force for action. Desire in the mind is the real impurity. Even a spark of desire is a very great evil. -- Swami Sivananda
If you do not know the laws of right conduct, you cannot form your character. -- Swami Sivananda
It is divinity that shapes, not only your ends, but also your acts, your words and thoughts. -- Swami Sivananda
Do one thing at a time, and while doing it put your whole soul into it to the exclusion of all else. -- Swami Sivananda
If you can accept losing, you can't win. -- Vince Lombardi
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. -- Vince Lombardi
Winning isn't everything but wanting to win is. -- Vince Lombardi
It's not whether you got knocked down it's whether you get back up. -- Vince Lombardi
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall. -- Vince Lombardi
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. -- Vince Lombardi
Life's battles don't always go to the stronger or faster man. But sooner or later, the man who wins is the man who thinks he can. -- Vince Lombardi
If you are five minutes early, you are already ten minutes late. -- Vince Lombardi
Dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price. -- Vince Lombardi
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will. -- Vince Lombardi
Practice does not make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect. -- Vince Lombardi
Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It s courage that counts. -- Vince Lombardi
All of us have a God in us, and that God is the spirit that unites all life, everything that is on this planet. -- Wangari Maathai
Anybody can dig a hole and plant a tree. But make sure it survives. You have to nurture it, you have to water it, you have to keep at it until it becomes rooted so it can take care or itself. There are so many enemies of trees. -- Wangari Maathai
Those of us who have been privileged to receive education, skills, and experiences and even power must be role models for the next generation of leadership. -- Wangari Maathai
It is wonderful when you don't have the fear, and a lot of the time I don't ... I focus on what needs to be done instead. -- Wangari Maathai
To the young people I say, you are a gift to your communities and indeed the world. You are our hope and our future. -- Wangari Maathai
We can work together for a better world with men and women of goodwill, those who radiate the intrinsic goodness of humankind. -- Wangari Maathai
Any knowledge that doesn't lead to new questions quickly dies out: it fails to maintain the temperature required for sustaining life. -- Wislawa Szymborska
You can find the entire cosmos lurking in its least remarkable objects. -- Wislawa Szymborska
In every tragedy, an element of comedy is preserved. Comedy is just tragedy reversed. -- Wislawa Szymborska
This terrifying world is not devoid of charms, of the mornings that make waking up worthwhile. -- Wislawa Szymborska
All is mine but nothing owned, nothing owned for memory, and mine only while I look. -- Wislawa Szymborska
All imperfection is easier to tolerate if served up in small doses. -- Wislawa Szymborska
Do you have to have a reason for loving?. -- Brigitte Bardot
A photograph can be an instant of life captured for eternity that will never cease looking back at you. -- Brigitte Bardot
I can't do the same thing every night, the same gestures... it's like putting on dirty panties every day. -- Brigitte Bardot
It is better to be unfaithful than to be faithful without wanting to be. -- Brigitte Bardot
I have been very happy, very rich, very beautiful much adulated, very famous and very unhappy. -- Brigitte Bardot
When you're thirty you're old enough to know better, but still young enough to go ahead and do it. -- Brigitte Bardot
Only idiots refuse to change their minds. -- Brigitte Bardot
Percentages are why I am rich. -- Brigitte Bardot
Rekindled love is generally short-term. -- Nicholas Sparks
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change. -- Nicholas Sparks
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it. -- Nicholas Sparks
I finally understood what true love meant...love meant that you care for another person's happiness more than your own, no matter how painful the choices you face might be. -- Nicholas Sparks
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can. -- Nicholas Sparks
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love. -- Nicholas Sparks
Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more. -- Nicholas Sparks
You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together. -- Nicholas Sparks
The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over. -- Nicholas Sparks
When people are protecting something truly special to them, they truly can become...as strong as they can be. -- Masashi Kishimoto
There's no advantage to hurrying through life. -- Masashi Kishimoto
A smile is the best way to get away with trouble even if it's a fake one. -- Masashi Kishimoto
Give up trying to make me give up . -- Masashi Kishimoto
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
No man has any natural authority over his fellow men. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Although modesty is natural to man, it is not natural to children. Modesty only begins with the knowledge of evil. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Man is born free and everywhere he is in chains. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
I may not be better than other people, but at least I'm different. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
To live is not merely to breathe it is to act it is to make use of our organs, senses, faculties - of all those parts of ourselves which give us the feeling of existence. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Good laws lead to the making of better ones bad ones bring about worse. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Happiness: a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
He who is slowest in making a promise is most faithful in its performance. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Never exceed your rights, and they will soon become unlimited. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The happiest is the person who suffers the least pain the most miserable who enjoys the least pleasure. -- Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness there is also the success of others. -- Jules Renard
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired. -- Jules Renard
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it. -- Jules Renard
It is not how old you are, but how you are old. -- Jules Renard
The truly free man is the one who can turn down an invitation to dinner without giving an excuse. -- Jules Renard
Writing is a way of talking without being interrupted. -- Jules Renard
I don't know if God exists, but it would be better for His reputation if He didn't. -- Jules Renard
As I grow to understand life less and less,. -- Jules Renard
I learn to love it more and more. -- Jules Renard
If you are afraid of being lonely, don't try to be right. -- Jules Renard
Wrinkles are engraved smiles. -- Jules Renard
Be modest! It is the kind of pride least likely to offend. -- Jules Renard
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties. -- Jules Renard
Don't tell a woman she's pretty tell her there's no other woman like her, and all roads will open to you. -- Jules Renard
On earth there is no heaven, but there are pieces of it. -- Jules Renard
It is tact that is golden, not silence. -- Samuel Butler
Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. -- Samuel Butler
Life is not an exact science, it is an art. -- Samuel Butler
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way. -- Samuel Butler
Life is like music, it must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule. -- Samuel Butler
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept. -- Samuel Butler
Don't learn to do, but learn in doing. -- Samuel Butler
I want to feel my life while I'm in it. -- Meryl Streep
You just have to keep on doing what you do. It's the lesson I get from my husband he just says, Keep going. Start by starting. -- Meryl Streep
Obsession is an attractive thing. People who are really, really interested and good at one thing and smart are attractive, if they're men. -- Meryl Streep
I have always regarded myself as the pillar of my life. -- Meryl Streep
Being a celebrity has taught me to hide, but being an actor has opened my soul. -- Meryl Streep
You don't have to be famous. You just have to make your mother and father proud of you. -- Meryl Streep
The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become. -- Meryl Streep
The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy, we can all sense a mysterious connection to each other. -- Meryl Streep
You can't get spoiled if you do your own ironing. -- Meryl Streep
Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. -- Barack Obama
A change is brought about because ordinary people do extraordinary things. -- Barack Obama
I don't think marriage is a civil right, but I think that being able to transfer property is a civil right. -- Barack Obama
In the face of impossible odds, people who love this country can change it. -- Barack Obama
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. -- Barack Obama
You can't let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you. -- Barack Obama
As long as I'm in great shape, nobody beats me, for sure. -- Usain Bolt
For me, I'm focused on what I want to do. I know what I need to do to be a champion, so I'm working on it. -- Usain Bolt
I work hard, and I do good, and I'm going to enjoy myself. I'm not going to let you restrict me. -- Usain Bolt
A lot of legends, a lot of people, have come before me. But this is my time. -- Usain Bolt
Sometimes opportunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it. -- Julie Andrews
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. -- Julie Andrews
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. -- Julie Andrews
Some people regard discipline as a chore. For me, it is a kind of order that sets me free to fly. -- Julie Andrews
It is hardly possible to build anything if frustration, bitterness and a mood of helplessness prevail. -- Lech Walesa
We hold our heads high, despite the price we have paid, because freedom is priceless. -- Lech Walesa
Grief is the price we pay for love. -- Queen Elizabeth II
Work is the rent you pay for the room you occupy on earth. -- Queen Elizabeth II
It's all to do with the training: you can do a lot if you're properly trained. -- Queen Elizabeth II
The upward course of a nation's history is due in the long run to the soundness of heart of its average men and women. -- Queen Elizabeth II
Example is leadership. -- Albert Schweitzer
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier. -- Albert Schweitzer
Do not let Sunday be taken from you If your soul has no Sunday, it becomes an orphan. -- Albert Schweitzer
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. -- Albert Schweitzer
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.  . -- Albert Schweitzer
The only escape from the miseries of life are music and cats...  . -- Albert Schweitzer
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.  . -- Albert Schweitzer
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason. -- Albert Schweitzer
Man is a clever animal who behaves like an imbecile.  . -- Albert Schweitzer
As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible but more mysterious. -- Albert Schweitzer
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. -- Albert Schweitzer
You don't live in a world all alone. Your brothers are here too. -- Albert Schweitzer
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing. -- Albert Schweitzer
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up. -- Albert Schweitzer
Each person must live their life as a model for others. -- Rosa Parks
You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right.   . -- Rosa Parks
I believe we are here on the planet Earth to live, grow up and do what we can to make this world a better place for all people to enjoy freedom.  . -- Rosa Parks
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.  . -- Rosa Parks
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others. -- Rosa Parks
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt. -- Bertrand Russell
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong. -- Bertrand Russell
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness. -- Bertrand Russell
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. -- Bertrand Russell
Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise. -- Bertrand Russell
Government can easily exist without laws, but law cannot exist without government. -- Bertrand Russell
It is a waste of energy to be angry with a man who behaves badly, just as it is to be angry with a car that won't go. -- Bertrand Russell
Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim. -- Bertrand Russell
Many people would sooner die than think In fact, they do so. -- Bertrand Russell
Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man. -- Bertrand Russell
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons. -- Bertrand Russell
Patriots always talk of dying for their country but never of killing for their country. -- Bertrand Russell
Science may set limits to knowledge, but should not set limits to imagination. -- Bertrand Russell
The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way. -- Bertrand Russell
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education. -- Bertrand Russell
Democracy is the process by which people choose the man who'll get the blame. -- Bertrand Russell
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it. -- Terry Pratchett
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life. -- Terry Pratchett
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages. -- Terry Pratchett
It's not worth doing something unless you were doing something that someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing. -- Terry Pratchett
It is often said that before you die your life passes before your eyes. It is in fact true. It's called living. -- Terry Pratchett
They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance. -- Terry Pratchett
Always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual. -- Terry Pratchett
Sometimes glass glitters more than diamonds because it has more to prove. -- Terry Pratchett
The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head. -- Terry Pratchett
Stupid men are often capable of things the clever would not dare to contemplate... -- Terry Pratchett
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time. -- Terry Pratchett
Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can. Of course, I could be wrong. -- Terry Pratchett
Boredom is one of the most blissful feelings. -- Terry Pratchett
It's only terrible to have nothing to wait for. -- Erich Maria Remarque
Life did not intend to make us perfect. Whoever is perfect belongs in a museum. -- Erich Maria Remarque
It is very queer that the unhappiness of the world is so often brought on by small men. -- Erich Maria Remarque
You may turn into an archangel, a fool, or a criminal ? no one will see it. But when a button is missing?everyone sees that. -- Erich Maria Remarque
We were all at once terribly alone and alone we must see it through. -- Erich Maria Remarque
Keep things at arm's length... If you let anything come too near you want to hold on to it. And there is nothing a man can hold on to. -- Erich Maria RemarqueLife is a disease, brother, and death begins already at birth. Every breath, every heartbeat, is a moment of dying - a little shove toward the end. -- Erich Maria Remarque
Any non-commissioned officer is more of an enemy to a recruit, any schoolmaster to a pupil, then they are if they were free. -- Erich Maria Remarque
It was a melancholy secret that reality can arouse desires but never satisfy them. -- Erich Maria Remarque
To forget is the secret of eternal youth. One grows old only through memory. There's much too little forgetting. -- Erich Maria Remarque
Modesty and conscientiousness receive their reward only in novels. In life they are exploited and then shoved aside. -- Erich Maria Remarque
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. -- Aldous Huxley
rwMaybe this world is another planet?s hell. -- Aldous Huxley
But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin. -- Aldous Huxley
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself. -- Aldous Huxley
I want to know what passion is. I want to feel something strongly. -- Aldous Huxley
The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude. -- Aldous Huxley
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex. -- Aldous Huxley
You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad. -- Aldous Huxley
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach. -- Aldous Huxley
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception. -- Aldous Huxley
All that happens means something nothing you do is ever insignificant. -- Aldous Huxley
Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are the dead. -- Aldous Huxley
If one's different, one's bound to be lonely. -- Aldous Huxley
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm. -- Aldous Huxley
The deepest sin against the human mind is to believe things without evidence. -- Aldous Huxley
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness it is generally the by-product of other activities. -- Aldous Huxley
Every man's memory is his private literature. -- Aldous Huxley
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. -- Aldous Huxley
You laugh at me because I'm different, I laugh at you because you're all the same. -- Jonathan Davis
A lot of people don't realize that depression is an illness. I don't wish it on anyone, but if they would know how it feels, I swear they would think twice before they just shrug it. -- Jonathan Davis
Be yourself, let you come through. -- Jonathan Davis
Real friends stab you in the front. -- Jonathan Davis
People die from typewriters falling on their heads. -- Jonathan Davis
Some people are desperately looking for scapegoats, they just don't want to see the truth!. -- Jonathan Davis
The music industry can make you feel like a prostitute. -- Jonathan Davis
We're not trying to change the world just music. -- Jonathan Davis
I don't care what people think or say about me, I know who I am. -- Jonathan Davis
Human dignity consists in the role we must play in our own perfection. Taking a role in our own self-completion is the highest expression of our creativity. -- Michel Quoist
You will achieve definitive self-fulfilment only in the next life. -- Michel Quoist
Prayer is a turning to God. -- Michel Quoist
We tend to think of prayer, in spite of ourselves, in terms of profit and loss. -- Michel Quoist
Unless you make a daily effort to see the world as God sees it, you will never get beyond mere appearances. -- Michel Quoist
God is a community of persons and He has created you in His image, not as an isolated individual, but as a person whom He has invited to a communal life with Himself and with the whole human family. -- Michel Quoist
A man's greatness is to be measured by his capacity for communion with others. -- Michel Quoist
The theological virtue of charity is the mysterious power, communicated by grace, to love as God loves. -- Michel Quoist
The pleasure of the moment begins to wither almost as soon as it blossoms our pleasures are soon swallowed up in time's relentless torrent. -- Michel Quoist
The body of man is a limitation. Only the spirit opens onto the infinite. -- Michel Quoist
Only dumb people try to impress smart people. Smart people just do what they do. -- Chris Rock
I don't get high, but sometimes I wish I did. That way, when I messed up in life I would have an excuse. But right now there's no rehab for stupidity. -- Chris Rock
If you can keep your son off the pipe and your daughter off the pole, you're ahead of the game. -- Chris Rock
Comedy is the blues for people who can?t sing. -- Chris Rock
Men are as faithful as their options. -- Chris Rock
You cannot win in a fight against women, cause men have a need to make sense. -- Chris Rock
Wealth is not about having a lot of money it's about having a lot of options. -- Chris Rock
Only a woman can make you feel wrong for doing something right. -- Chris Rock
Anyone who makes up their mind about an issue before they hear the issue is a fool. -- Chris Rock
Only married people understand you can be miserable and happy at the same time. -- Chris Rock
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. -- Chris Rock
I live in a neighbourhood so bad that you can get shot while getting shot. -- Chris Rock
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of Giants. -- Isaac Newton
Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy. -- Isaac Newton
Men build too many walls and not enough bridges. -- Isaac Newton
I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people. -- Isaac Newton
What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean. -- Isaac Newton
Gravity explains the motions of the planets, but it cannot explain who sets the planets in motion. -- Isaac Newton
To every action there is always an equal and opposite or contrary, reaction . -- Isaac Newton
A man may imagine things that are false, but he can only understand things that are true. -- Isaac Newton
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy. -- Isaac Newton
If I have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been due more to patient attention, than to any other talent. -- Isaac Newton
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess. -- Isaac Newton
Live your life as an Exclamation rather than an Explanation. -- Isaac Newton
What goes up must come down. -- Isaac Newton
Truth is ever to be found in the simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things. -- Isaac Newton
You have to make the rules, not follow them. -- Isaac Newton
To myself I am only a child playing on the beach, while vast oceans of truth lie undiscovered before me. -- Isaac Newton
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
Music is mediator between spiritual and sensual life. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
Art! Who comprehends her? With whom can one consult concerning this great goddess?. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
A great poet is the most precious jewel of a nation. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
Nothing is more intolerable than to have to admit to yourself your own errors. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
To play without passion is inexcusable!. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
Don?t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
I will take fate by the throat it will never bend me completely to its will. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
Recommend to your children virtues, that alone can make them happy, not gold. -- Ludwig van Beethoven
There is a woman at the begining of all great things. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Experience is the only prophecy of wise men. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Private passions tire and exhaust themselves, public ones never. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
A conscience without God is like a court without a judge. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Sometimes, only one person is missing, and the whole world seems depopulated. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Limited in his nature, infinite in his desire, man is a fallen god who remembers heaven. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Poets and heroes are of the same race, the latter do what the former conceive. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Music is the literature of the heart it commences where speech ends. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Grief and sadness knits two hearts in closer bonds that happiness ever can and common sufferings are far stronger than common joys. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Love is the enchanted dawn of every heart. -- Alphonse de Lamartine
Don't own so much clutter that you will be relieved to see your house catch fire. -- Wendell Berry
Whether we and our politicians know it or not, Nature is party to all our deals and decisions, and she has more votes, a longer memory, and a sterner sense of justice than we do. -- Wendell Berry
You can best serve civilization by being against what usually passes for it. -- Wendell Berry
Do unto those downstream as you would have those upstream do unto you. -- Wendell Berry
Rats and roaches live by competition under the laws of supply and demand it is the privilege of human beings to live under the laws of justice and mercy. -- Wendell Berry
Be joyful because it is humanly possible. -- Wendell Berry
Love is what carries you, for it is always there, even in the dark, or most in the dark, but shining out at times like gold stitches in a piece of embroidery. -- Wendell Berry
What I stand for is what I stand on. -- Wendell Berry
The cloud is free only to go with the wind. The rain is free only in falling. -- Wendell Berry
If you don't know where you're from, you'll have a hard time saying where you're going. -- Wendell Berry
These are people who are capable of devotion, public devotion, to justice. They meant what they said and every day that passes, they mean it more. -- Wendell Berry
To cherish what remains of the Earth and to foster its renewal is our only legitimate hope of survival. -- Wendell Berry
We learn from our gardens to deal with the most urgent question of the time: How much is enough?. -- Wendell Berry
I defy anyone to imagine an environment more exquisitely designed to provide us with opportunities for spiritual growth than this life of ours. -- Scott Peck
I find distasteful the traditional idea of Christianity which preaches the resurrection of the body. Frankly, I see my body as more of a limitation than a virtue, and I will be glad to be free of it rather than having to continue to cart it around. I prefer to believe that souls can exist independently from bodies. -- Scott Peck
Genuine love is volitional rather than emotional. -- Scott Peck
The central defect of evil is not sin but the refusal to acknowledge sin. -- Scott Peck
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it. -- Scott Peck
We must be willing to fail and to appreciate the truth that often 'Life is not a problem to be solved, but a mystery to be lived.'. -- Scott Peck
Love is the free exercise of choice. Two people love each other only when they are quite capable of living without each other but choose to live with each other. -- Scott Peck
The difficulty we have in accepting responsibility for our behaviour lies in the desire to avoid the pain of the consequences of that behaviour. -- Scott Peck
If we know exactly where we're going, exactly how to get there, and exactly what we'll see along the way, we won't learn anything. -- Scott Peck
All my life I used to wonder what I would become when I grew up. Then, about seven years ago, I realized that I was never going to grow up--that growing is an ever ongoing process. -- Scott Peck
It is only because of problems that we grow mentally and spiritually. -- Scott Peck
You cannot truly listen to anyone and do anything else at the same time. -- Scott Peck
Share our similarities, celebrate our differences. -- Scott Peck
There is no worse bitterness than to reach the end of your life and realized you have not lived. -- Scott Peck
Ultimately love is everything. -- Scott Peck
Real love is a permanently self-enlarging experience. -- Scott Peck
Evil has no capital of its own. It is a parasite on goodness. -- Fulton Sheen
True spirituality has its basis in moral life, which in turn is based on contem-plation. -- Fulton Sheen
An almost forgotten truth, even among some practising Christians, is that it's never the physical world, but only the spirit of the world that is evil. Therefore the soul must detach itself from the spirit of the world. -- Fulton Sheen
Cheerfulness is that quality which enables one to make others happy. It takes its origin half in personal goodness, and half in the belief of the personal goodness of others. -- Fulton Sheen
Sometimes the only way the good Lord can get into some hearts is to break them. -- Fulton Sheen
Hearing nuns' confessions is like being stoned to death with popcorn. -- Fulton Sheen
If you don't behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave. -- Fulton Sheen
Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday. -- Fulton Sheen
You must remember to love people and use things, rather than to love things and use people. -- Fulton Sheen
Once you have surrendered yourself, you make yourself receptive. In receiving from God, you are perfected and completed. -- Fulton Sheen
The difference between the love of a man and the love of a woman is that a man will always give reasons for loving, but a woman gives no reasons for loving. -- Fulton Sheen
Pride is an admission of weakness it secretly fears all competition and dreads all rivals. -- Fulton Sheen
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius. -- Fulton Sheen
The Catholic ideal is to order the whole of life towards unity, not by the denial and destruction of the natural human values, but by bringing them into living relation with spiritual truth and spiritual reality. -- Christopher Dawson
If man attempts to suppress the animal side of his nature by a sheer effort of conscious will, nature finds a hundred unexpected and unpleasant ways to take its revenge. -- Christopher Dawson
There is a justifiable reaction against a type of religion which imposed rigid restrictions on any kind of rational enjoyment, while it left men free to exploit one another and to make life hideous in the race for wealth. -- Christopher Dawson
The great obstacle to the conversion of the modern world is the belief that religion has no intellectual significance that it may be good for morals and satisfying to man's emotional needs, but that it corresponds to no objective reality. -- Christopher Dawson
As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an evil, then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil that they set out to destroy. -- Christopher Dawson
The man who is fond of books is usually a man of lofty thought, and elevated opinions. -- Christopher Dawson
Humanism and Divinity are as complementary to one another in the order of culture, as are Nature and Grace in the order of being. -- Christopher Dawson
The modern dilemma is essentially a spiritual one, and every one of its main aspects, moral, political and scientific, brings us back to the need of a religious solution. -- Christopher Dawson
Law describes the way things would work if men were angels. -- Christopher Dawson
If man limits himself to a satisfied animal existence, and asks from life only what such an existence can give, the higher values of life at once disappear. -- Christopher Dawson
On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom. -- Michel de Montaigne
I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself. -- Michel de Montaigne
I quote others only to better express myself. -- Michel de Montaigne
When I am attacked by gloomy thoughts, nothing helps me so much as running to my books. They quickly absorb me and banish the clouds from my mind. -- Michel de Montaigne
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself. -- Michel de Montaigne
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own. -- Michel de Montaigne
If I speak of myself in different ways, that is because I look at myself in different ways. -- Michel de Montaigne
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears. -- Michel de Montaigne
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it. -- Michel de Montaigne
There is nothing more notable in Socrates than that he found time, when he was an old man, to learn music and dancing, and thought it time well spent. -- Michel de Montaigne
To forbid us anything is to make us have a mind for it. -- Michel de Montaigne
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly. -- Michel de Montaigne
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes, most of which never happened. -- Michel de Montaigne
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness. -- Michel de Montaigne
Obsession is the wellspring of genius and madness. -- Michel de Montaigne
My art and profession is to live. -- Michel de Montaigne
Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself. -- Michel de Montaigne
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband. -- Michel de Montaigne
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love. -- Michel de Montaigne
I speak the truth not so much as I would, but as much as I dare, and I dare a little more as I grow older. -- Michel de Montaigne
Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity. -- Michel de Montaigne
We could all take a lesson from crayons: some are sharp, some are beautiful, some have weird names, and all are different colors, but they still learn to live in the same box... -- Robert Fulghum
A person should not be too honest. Straight trees are cut first and honest people are screwed first. -- Chanakya
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. -- Arthur C. Clarke
Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams who looks inside, awakes. -- Carl Jung
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. -- Alan A. Milne
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. -- Alan A. Milne
If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart. I'll stay there forever. -- Alan A. Milne
Dream is not that you see in the sleep dream is that does not allow you to sleep. -- Abdul Kalam
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart. -- Francis of Assisi
Things may come to those who wait but only the things left by those who hustle. -- Abraham Lincoln
I don't know who my grandfather was I'm much more concerned to know what his grandson will be. -- Abraham Lincoln
Whatever you are, be a good one. -- Abraham Lincoln
We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.. -- Abraham Lincoln
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. -- Alan Watts
Without work, all life goes rotten, but when work is soulless, life stifles and dies. -- Albert Camus
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is. -- Albert Camus
Truth, like light blind. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object. -- Albert Camus
Wisdom is not the product of schooling, but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it. -- Albert Einstein
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts. -- Albert Einstein
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: Am I, or the others, crazy?. -- Albert Einstein
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. -- Albert Einstein
I don't know, I don't care, and it doesn't make any difference. -- Albert Einstein
Everything should be as simple as it is, but not simpler. -- Albert Einstein
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about. -- Albert Einstein
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -- Albert Einstein
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -- Albert Einstein
A man should look for what is, and not what he thinks should be. -- Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value. -- Albert Einstein
I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself. -- Albert Einstein
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. That's relativity. -- Albert Einstein
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. -- Albert Einstein
I'd rather be an optimist and a fool than a pessimist and right. -- Albert Einstein
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. -- Albert Einstein
I don't try to imagine a personal god it suffices to stand in awe at the structure of the world, insofar as it allows our inadequate senses to appreciate it. -- Albert Einstein
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x y is play and z is keeping your mouth shut. -- Albert Einstein
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves. -- Albert Einstein
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. -- Albert Einstein
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. -- Albert Einstein
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. -- Albert Einstein
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. -- Albert Einstein
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. So is a lot. -- Albert Einstein
The true value of a human being is determined primarily by the measure and the sense in which he has attained to liberation from the self. -- Albert Einstein
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind. -- Albert Einstein
Give us this day our daily faith, but deliver us, dear God, from belief. -- Aldous Huxley
We travel. Some of us forever. To seek other states, other lives, other souls. -- Anais Nin
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. -- Anais Nin
Good things happen to those who hustle. -- Anais Nin
If I could explain it to the average person, I wouldn't have been worth the Nobel Prize. -- Richard Feynman
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled. -- Richard Feynman
The idea is to try to give all the information to help others to judge the value of your contribution not just the information that leads to judgment in one particular direction or another. -- Richard Feynman
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible. -- Richard Feynman
I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something. -- Richard Feynman
The highest forms of understanding we can achieve are laughter and human compassion. -- Richard Feynman
I think it's much more interesting to live not knowing than to have answers which might be wrong. -- Richard Feynman
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool. -- Richard Feynman
We are trying to prove ourselves wrong as quickly as possible, because only in that way can we find progress. -- Richard Feynman
What I cannot create, I do not understand. -- Richard Feynman
There is no authority who decides what is a good idea. -- Richard Feynman
I think nature's imagination Is so much greater than man's, she's never going to let us relax. -- Richard Feynman
Science is what we have learned about how to keep from fooling ourselves. -- Richard Feynman
Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us. -- Steven Tyler
Life's a journey, not a destination. -- Steven Tyler
Humility is really important because it keeps you fresh and new. -- Steven Tyler
I don't think anything is forever, but when my kids tell me they love me, that's forever. -- Steven Tyler
Some days you're the bug, some days you're the windshield. -- Steven Tyler
If you have a candle, the light won't glow any dimmer if I light yours off of mine. -- Steven Tyler
If it is worth doing, it is worth overdoing. -- Steven Tyler
The things that come to those that wait may be the things left by those that got there first. -- Steven Tyler
Fake it until you make it. -- Steven Tyler
How people treat you is their karma how you react is yours. -- Wayne Dyer
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change. -- Wayne Dyer
Friends are God's way of apologizing for your family. -- Wayne Dyer
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. -- Wayne Dyer
You are not stuck where you are unless you decide to be. -- Wayne Dyer
Your reputation is in the hands of others. That's what the reputation is. You can't control that. The only thing you can control is your character. -- Wayne Dyer
When the choice is to be right or to be kind, always make the choice that brings peace. -- Wayne Dyer
Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him. -- Wayne Dyer
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul. -- Wayne Dyer
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. -- Wayne Dyer
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed. -- Wayne Dyer
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. -- Wayne Dyer
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. -- Wayne Dyer
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others. -- Wayne Dyer
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
Tell your friend that in his death, a part of you dies and goes with him. Wherever he goes, you also go. He will not be alone. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
One is never afraid of the unknown one is afraid of the known coming to an end. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
You can only be afraid of what you think you know. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
It is only when the mind is free from the old that it meets everything anew, and in that there is joy. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
If we can really understand the problem, the answer will come out of it, because the answer is not separate from the problem. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
Your belief in God is merely an escape from your monotonous, stupid and cruel life. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
The flowering of love is meditation. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem. -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
The earth has music for those who listen. -- George Santayana
Sanity is a madness put to good uses. -- George Santayana
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child. -- George Santayana
To be interested in the changing seasons is . . . a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring. -- George Santayana
To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers, tasted the fruits of your passion, and learned your place in the world. -- George Santayana
Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness. -- George Santayana
Those who fail to learn the lessons of history are doomed to repeat them. -- George Santayana
Memory... is an internal rumour. -- George Santayana
Chaos is a name for any order that produces confusion in our minds. -- George Santayana
Love make us poets, and the approach of death should make us philosophers. -- George Santayana
Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others. -- George Santayana
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -- George Santayana
The family is one of nature's masterpieces. -- George Santayana
Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it. -- George Santayana
For a man who has done his natural duty, death is as natural as sleep. -- George Santayana
To know what people really think, pay regard to what they do, rather than what they say. -- George Santayana
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas. -- George Santayana
A man's feet should be planted in his country, but his eyes should survey the world. -- George Santayana
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than in attempting to satisfy them. -- John Stuart Mill
A person may cause evil to others not only by his actions but by his inaction, and in either case he is justly accountable to them for the injury. -- John Stuart Mill
Every great movement must experience three stages: ridicule, discussion, adoption. -- John Stuart Mill
A party of order or stability, and a party of progress or reform, are both necessary elements of a healthy state of political life. -- John Stuart Mill
What distinguishes the majority of men from the few is their inability to act according to their beliefs. -- John Stuart Mill
It is not because men's desires are strong that they act ill it is because their consciences are weak. -- John Stuart Mill
Although it is not true that all conservatives are stupid people, it is true that most stupid people are conservative. -- John Stuart Mill
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse. -- John Stuart Mill
Life has a certain flavour for those who have fought and risked all that the sheltered and protected can never experience. -- John Stuart Mill
There are many truths of which the full meaning cannot be realized until personal experience has brought it home. -- John Stuart Mill
The general tendency of things throughout the world is to render mediocrity the ascendant power among mankind. -- John Stuart Mill
All good things which exist are the fruits of originality. -- John Stuart Mill
In all intellectual debates, both sides tend to be correct in what they affirm, and wrong in what they deny. -- John Stuart Mill
People throw stones at you and you convert them into milestones. -- Sachin Tendulkar
Don't stop chasing your dreams, because dreams do come true. -- Sachin Tendulkar
Every individual has his own style, his own way of presenting himself on and off the field. -- Sachin Tendulkar
And that is the reason why this victory is great, because different players have made contributions to the win. -- Sachin Tendulkar
At least with me, the match starts much, much earlier than the actual match. -- Sachin Tendulkar
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul. -- Swami Vivekananda
In a conflict between the heart and the brain, follow your heart. -- Swami Vivekananda
The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful. -- Swami Vivekananda
The greatest religion is to be true to your own nature. Have faith in yourselves. -- Swami Vivekananda
Dare to be free, dare to go as far as your thought leads, and dare to carry that out in your life. -- Swami Vivekananda
The greatest sin is to think yourself weak. -- Swami Vivekananda
They alone live, who live for others. -- Swami Vivekananda
We are what our thoughts have made us so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live they travel far. -- Swami Vivekananda
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself. -- Swami Vivekananda
Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes. -- Swami Vivekananda
The fire that warms us can also consume us it is not the fault of the fire. -- Swami Vivekananda
Comfort is no test of truth. Truth is often far from being comfortable. -- Swami Vivekananda
If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better. -- Swami Vivekananda
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong. -- Swami Vivekananda
Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true. -- Swami Vivekananda
That man has reached immortality who is disturbed by nothing material. -- Swami Vivekananda
External nature is only internal nature writ large. -- Swami Vivekananda
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself. -- Rick Riordan
Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong. -- Rick Riordan
Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face. -- Rick Riordan
People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed. -- Rick Riordan
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all. -- Rick Riordan
It's funny how humans can wrap their mind around things and fit them into their version of reality. -- Rick Riordan
I think that kids have a greater capacity for processing things than we give them credit for. -- Rick Riordan
I've always found the second book in a series is the hardest to write. -- Rick Riordan
You have to work hard to get to the top of your game. I think every writer has doubts! I still do all the time. -- Rick Riordan
God's house must be clean, otherwise, God will just run away. -- Visvesvaraya
Hard work, disciplined habits, modesty in living, contentment and cheerfulness. -- Visvesvaraya
It is better to serve like steel than rust and wither away like iron. -- Visvesvaraya
If your business is only to sweep a crossing, remember it is your duty to make that crossing the best swept of the world. -- Visvesvaraya
Success in life depends on action, that is, on what you do, and not what you Feel or think, and the price of success is hard work. -- Visvesvaraya
Science is a rising force, It is creating a new world about us. It needs to be watched and pressed into service, and in any case, it would be courting disaster to ignore it. -- Visvesvaraya
Poverty is... Curable like any disease. Ignorance, dependence, inefficiency, laziness, want of the spirit of enterprise are the real real causes of poverty. -- Visvesvaraya
Take care of the pieces well. The whole will take care of itself. -- Visvesvaraya
Nature never excuses lapses. -- Visvesvaraya
Investigate, educate and organize. -- Visvesvaraya
Industrialize or perish. -- Visvesvaraya
Courage, conviction and confidence. -- Visvesvaraya
If you buy what you do not need, you will need what you cannot buy. -- Visvesvaraya
Work does not kill a man, it is worry, irregularity and uncertainty that kill. -- Visvesvaraya
Destiny is not a passive agent that lies in the lap of the Gods, but is an active instrument that lies in your own hands to shape as you will. -- Visvesvaraya
Investigate, educate and organize the country must progress, productive works and industries are the main avenues at present next to education for the advancement of the country. -- Visvesvaraya
I do not want to die rusting, I prefer to burn out. -- Visvesvaraya
You have committed a double mistake, firstly by not keeping the engagement yesterday and secondly, by coming when you were not expected. -- Visvesvaraya
A person who spends more than he earns is a fool. -- Visvesvaraya
To give real service, you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money. -- Visvesvaraya
Tell the truth boldly, whether it hurts or not. Never pander to weakness. If truth is too much for intelligent people and sweeps them away, let them go the sooner the better. -- Swami Vivekananda
I, for one, thoroughly believe that no power in the universe can withhold from anyone anything they really deserve. -- Swami Vivekananda
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed. -- Swami Vivekananda
Who makes us ignorant? We ourselves. We put our hands over our eyes and weep that it is dark. -- Swami Vivekananda
Desire, ignorance, and inequality, this is the trinity of bondage. -- Swami Vivekananda
Great work requires great and persistent effort for a long time. Character has to be established through a thousand stumbles. -- Swami Vivekananda
Learning and wisdom are superfluities, the surface glitter merely, but it is the heart that is the seat of all power. -- Swami Vivekananda
Work and worship are necessary to take away the veil, to lift off the bondage and illusion. -- Swami Vivekananda
Religion as a science, as a study, is the greatest and healthiest exercise that the human mind can have. -- Swami Vivekananda
All differences in this world are of degree, and not of kind, because oneness is the secret of everything. -- Swami Vivekananda
Purity, patience, and perseverance are the three essentials to success and, above all, love. -- Swami Vivekananda
You may never have proof of your importance but you are more important than you think. There are always those who couldn't do without you. The rub is that you don't always know who. -- Robert Fulghum
Don't worry that children never listen to you worry that they are always watching you. -- Robert Fulghum
Yelling at living things does tend to kill the spirit in them. Sticks and stones may break our bones, but words will break our hearts. -- Robert Fulghum
It doesn't matter what you say you believe - it only matters what you do. -- Robert Fulghum
Peace is not something you wish for it is something you make, something you are, something you do, and something you give away. -- Robert Fulghum
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. -- Robert Fulghum
Above all, if what you've done is stupid, but it works, it ain't stupid. -- Robert Fulghum
If you tell people you talk to God, they'll think you're religious, but if you say God talks to you, it's ten to one they'll think you're crazy. -- Robert Fulghum
The heart will turn to a prune if love is always by the numbers. How will you know if someone really loves you if they only meet your expectations and not your needs?. -- Robert Fulghum
Speed and efficiency do not always increase the quality of life. -- Robert Fulghum
I've always thought anyone can make money. Making a life worth living, that's the real test. -- Robert Fulghum
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth. -- Chanakya
A man is great by deeds, not by birth. -- Chanakya
Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person. -- Chanakya
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest. -- Chanakya
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it. -- Chanakya
Purity of speech, of the mind, of the senses, and of a compassionate heart are needed by one who desires to rise to the divine platform. -- Chanakya
Do not reveal what you have thought upon doing, but by wise council keep it secret being determined to carry it into execution. -- Chanakya
The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability. -- Chanakya
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying. -- Arthur C. Clarke
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible. -- Arthur C. Clarke
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. -- Arthur C. Clarke
I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here. -- Arthur C. Clarke
One of the greatest tragedies in mankind's entire history may be that morality was hijacked by religion. -- Arthur C. Clarke
What was more, they had taken the first step toward genuine friendship. They had exchanged vulnerabilities. -- Arthur C. Clarke
A faith that cannot survive collision with the truth is not worth many regrets. -- Arthur C. Clarke
I will not be afraid because I understand... And understanding is happiness. -- Arthur C. Clarke
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible. -- Arthur C. Clarke
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed. -- Carl Jung
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -- Carl Jung
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become. -- Carl Jung
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people. -- Carl Jung
The pendulum of the mind oscillates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong. -- Carl Jung
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate. -- Carl Jung
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol, morphine or idealism. -- Carl Jung
The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are. -- Carl Jung
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being. -- Carl Jung
One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious. -- Carl Jung
Where wisdom reigns, there is no conflict between thinking and feeling. -- Carl Jung
Where love rules, there is no will to power, and where power predominates, love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other. -- Carl Jung
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle. -- Francis of Assisi
Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -- Francis of Assisi
The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today. -- Francis of Assisi
I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, He can work through anyone. -- Francis of Assisi
We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way. -- Francis of Assisi
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where these is hatred, let me sow love. -- Francis of Assisi
Preach the Gospel at all times, and when necessary, use words. -- Francis of Assisi
True progress quietly and persistently moves along without notice. -- Francis of Assisi
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard. -- Alan A. Milne
Some people care too much. I think it's called love. -- Alan A. Milne
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries. -- Alan A. Milne
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. -- Alan A. Milne
To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks. -- Alan A. Milne
If one is to be called a liar, one may as well make an effort to deserve the name. -- Alan A. Milne
Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it's not all mixed up. -- Alan A. Milne
I measure the progress of a community by the degree of progress which women have achieved. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
The relationship between husband and wife should be one of closest friends. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
Life should be great rather than long. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
Law and order are the medicine of the body politic and when the body politic gets sick, medicine must be administered. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
So long as you do not achieve social liberty, whatever freedom is provided by the law is of no avail to you. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
Political tyranny is nothing compared to the social tyranny and a reformer who defies society is a more courageous man than a politician who defies Government. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
Every man who repeats the dogma of Mill that one country is no fit to rule another country must admit that one class is not fit to rule another class. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
In Hinduism, conscience, reason and independent thinking have no scope for development. -- Bhimrao R. Ambedkar
No one is free who has not obtained the empire of himself. No man is free who cannot command himself. -- Pythagoras
Above all things, respect yourself. -- Pythagoras
There is geometry in the humming of the strings. There is music in the spacing of the spheres. -- Pythagoras
Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they please. -- Pythagoras
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. -- Pythagoras
Do not say a little in many words, but a great deal in few!. -- Pythagoras
The oldest, shortest words, yes and no, are those which require the most thought. -- Pythagoras
Choose rather to be strong of soul than strong of body. -- Pythagoras
A man is never as big as when he is on his knees to help a child. -- Pythagoras
In anger we should refrain both from speech and action. -- Pythagoras
Anger begins in folly, and ends in repentance. -- Pythagoras
A blow from your friend is better than a kiss from your enemy. -- Pythagoras
Friends are as companions on a journey, who ought to aid each other to persevere in the road to a happier life. -- Pythagoras
Educate the children and it won't be necessary to punish the men. -- Pythagoras
Strength of mind rests in sobriety for this keeps your reason unclouded by passion. -- Pythagoras
A thought is an idea in transit. -- Pythagoras
There is no refuge from confession but suicide and suicide is confession. -- Daniel Webster
God grants liberty only to those who love it and are always ready to guard and defend it. -- Daniel Webster
A country cannot subsist well without liberty, nor liberty without virtue. -- Daniel Webster
There is always room at the top. -- Daniel Webster
What a man does for others, not what they do for him, gives him immortality. -- Daniel Webster
Wisdom begins at the end. -- Daniel Webster
Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens. -- Daniel Webster
I mistrust the judgement of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -- Daniel Webster
Every unpunished murder takes away something from the security of every man's life. -- Daniel Webster
A disordered currency is one of the greatest political evils. -- Daniel Webster
He who tampers with the currency robs labour of its bread. -- Daniel Webster
Language is courage: the ability to conceive a thought, to speak it, and by doing so to make it true. -- Salman Rushdie
What is freedom of expression? Without the freedom to offend, it ceases to exist. -- Salman Rushdie
From the beginning men used God to justify the unjustifiable. -- Salman Rushdie
A photograph is a moral decision taken in one eighth of a second. -- Salman Rushdie
Faith without doubt is addiction. -- Salman Rushdie
We all owe death a life. -- Salman Rushdie
Most of what matters in our lives takes place in our absence. -- Salman Rushdie
What's real and what's true aren't necessarily the same. -- Salman Rushdie
How do you defeat terrorism? Don't be terrorized. -- Salman Rushdie
What can't be cured must be endured. -- Salman Rushdie
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. -- Edmud Burke
Woman is not made to be the admiration of all, but the happiness of one. -- Edmud Burke
Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting. -- Edmud Burke
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. -- Edmud Burke
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength. -- Edmud Burke
Our patience will achieve more than our force. -- Edmud Burke
Never apologise for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologise for the truth. -- Edmud Burke
No power so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -- Edmud Burke
He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper. -- Edmud Burke
If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free. If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -- Edmud Burke
There is no safety for honest men except by believing all possible evil of evil men. -- Edmud Burke
Liberty does not exist in the absence of morality. -- Edmud Burke
Beauty is the promise of happiness. -- Edmud Burke
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature. -- Edmud Burke
Middle age has been defined as what happens when a person's broad mind and narrow waist change places. -- Anthony C. Grayling
Faith is a commitment to belief contrary to evidence and reason. -- Anthony C. Grayling
Mastery of the emotions is fundamental to a virtuous life. -- Anthony C. Grayling
Science is the outcome of being prepared to live without certainty and therefore a mark of maturity. It embraces doubt and loose ends. -- Anthony C. Grayling
To read is to fly: it is to soar to a point of vantage which gives a view over wide terrains of history, human variety, ideas, shared experience and the fruits of many inquiries. -- Anthony C. Grayling
The wise say that our failure is to form habits: for habit is the mark of a stereotyped world. -- Anthony C. Grayling
Whoever loves to meet God, God loves to meet him. -- Prophet Muhammad
There is a polish for everything that takes away rust, and the polish for the heart is the remembrance of God. -- Prophet Muhammad
You will not enter paradise until you have faith. And you will not complete your faith until you love one another. -- Prophet Muhammad
The worldly comforts are not for me. I am like a traveller, who takes rest under a tree in the shade and then goes on his way. -- Prophet Muhammad
Strive always to excel in virtue and truth. -- Prophet Muhammad
The greatest of wealth is the richness of the soul. -- Prophet Muhammad
Who is the most favoured of God? He from whom the greatest good comes to His creatures. -- Prophet Muhammad
It is not worthy of a speaker of truth to curse people. -- Prophet Muhammad
He who knoweth his own self, knoweth God. -- Prophet Muhammad
Seek knowledge from the cradle to the grave. -- Prophet Muhammad
Those who earn an honest living are the beloved of God. -- Prophet Muhammad
He is not strong and powerful who throweth people down but he is strong who witholdeth himself from anger. -- Prophet Muhammad
The ink of the scholar is more sacred than the blood of the martyr. -- Prophet Muhammad
Four things support the world: the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the good, and the valour of the brave. -- Prophet Muhammad
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them. -- Agatha Christie
The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances. -- Agatha Christie
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world. It knows no law, no pity. It dares all things and crushes down remorselessly all that stands in its path. -- Agatha Christie
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets, the more interested he is in her. -- Agatha Christie
If you place your head in a lion's mouth, then you cannot complain one day if he happens to bite it off. -- Agatha Christie
One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late. -- Agatha Christie
Instinct is a marvellous thing. It can neither be explained nor ignored. -- Agatha Christie
One of the saddest things in life, is the things one remembers. -- Agatha Christie
Time is the best killer. -- Agatha Christie
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it. -- Agatha Christie
I don't think necessity is the mother of invention. Invention ... arises directly from idleness, possibly also from laziness. To save oneself trouble. -- Agatha Christie
I do not argue with obstinate men. I act in spite of them. -- Agatha Christie
Don't tell me the moon is shining show me the glint of light on broken glass. -- Anton Chekhov
The role of the artist is to ask questions, not answer them. -- Anton Chekhov
What a fine weather today! Can't choose whether to drink tea or to hang myself. -- Anton Chekhov
Wisdom... comes not from age, but from education and learning. -- Anton Chekhov
Perhaps the feelings that we experience when we are in love represent a normal state. Being in love shows a person who he should be. -- Anton Chekhov
To fear love is to fear life, and those whose fear life are already three parts dead... -- Anton Chekhov
The task of a writer is not to solve the problem but to state the problem correctly. -- Anton Chekhov
There is nothing more awful, insulting, and depressing than banality. -- Anton Chekhov
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other. -- Anton Chekhov
Only one who loves can remember so well. -- Anton Chekhov
Everyone has the same God only people differ. -- Anton Chekhov
Man will only become better when you make him see what he is like. -- Anton Chekhov
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -- Aesop
Betray a friend, and you'll often find you have ruined yourself. -- Aesop
A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we then know how to meet him. -- Aesop
Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties. -- Aesop
A liar will not be believed even when he speaks the truth. -- Aesop
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
It is easy to be brave at a safe distance. -- Aesop
The smaller the mind, the greater the conceit. -- Aesop
Fine clothes may disguise, but silly words will disclose a fool. -- Aesop
Please all, and you will please none. -- Aesop
Those who cry the loudest are not always the ones who are hurt the most. -- Aesop
United we stand divided we fall. -- Aesop
Necessity is the mother of invention. -- Aesop
Adversity tests the sincerity of friends. -- Aesop
We often give our enemies the means for our own destruction. -- Aesop
Wise men say nothing in dangerous times. -- Aesop
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety. -- Aesop
Any excuse will serve a tyrant. -- Aesop
Appearances often are deceiving. -- Aesop
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched. -- Aesop
Everywhere man blames nature and fate yet his fate is mostly but the echo of his character and passion, his mistakes and his weaknesses. -- Democritus
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space everything else is opinion. -- Democritus
By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich. -- Democritus
Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity. -- Democritus
To a wise and good man the whole earth is his fatherland. -- Democritus
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence. -- Democritus
Good means not merely not to do wrong, but rather not to desire to do wrong. -- Democritus
No power and no treasure can outweigh the extension of our knowledge. -- Democritus
It is greed to do all the talking but not to want to listen at all. -- Democritus
Medicine heals diseases of the body, wisdom frees the soul from passions. -- Democritus
Immoderate desire is the mark of a child, not a man. -- Democritus
Education is an ornament for the prosperous, a refuge for the unfortunate. -- Democritus
It is hard to fight desire but to control it is the sign of a reasonable man. -- Democritus
Your life is the sum of what you focus on. -- Winifred Gallagher
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be. -- Elizabeth Gilbert
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. -- Stephen Hawking
If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit. -- Banksy
Patience, I believe, is a core competency of a healthy civilization. -- Stewart Brand
Bad companies are destroyed by crisis, Good companies survive them, Great companies are improved by them. -- Andy Grove
The essential thing is to work in a state of mind that approaches prayer. -- Henri Matisse
How am I complicit in creating the conditions I say I don’t want? -- Jerry Colonna
You really can change the world if you care enough. -- Marian Wright Edelman
Enough is a decision not an amount. -- Alison Faulkner
Laughter is carbonated holiness. -- Anne Lamott
Despair is a failure of the imagination. -- Wade Davis
Creativity is the defeat of habit by originality. -- Arthur Koestler
When you hit a wrong note, it’s the next note that makes it good or bad. -- Miles Davis
You are what you love, not what loves you. -- Charlie Kaufman
Love consists of this: two solitudes that meet, protect and greet each other. -- Rainer Maria Rilke
Knowing what you don't know is more useful than being brilliant. -- Charlie Munger
A majority of life's errors are caused by forgetting what one is really trying to do. -- Charlie Munger
Mimicking the herd invites regression to the mean. -- Charlie Munger
To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. -- Charlie Munger
Those who keep learning, will keep rising. -- Charlie Munger
You don’t have to be brilliant, only a little bit wiser than the other guys, on average, for a long time. -- Charlie Munger
The best thing a human being can do is help another human being know more. -- Charlie Munger
We insist on a lot of time being available almost every day to just sit and think. -- Charlie Munger
You must know the big ideas in the big disciplines and use them routinely. -- Charlie Munger
Nothing like a vote in the U.N. to tell you who your friends used to be. -- Ronald Reagan
Never start an argument with a woman when she's tired or when she's rested. -- Ronald Reagan
Easier to forgive someone if you get even with them first. -- Ronald Reagan
Why can't life's problems hit us when we are 18 and know everything? -- Ronald Reagan
Good judgment comes from experience; experience comes from poor judgment. -- Ronald Reagan
If at first you don't succeed, do it the way she told you. -- Ronald Reagan
A compliment may be blunt, but criticism calls for courtesy. -- Ronald Reagan
Prosperity is something created by businessmen for politicians to take credit for. -- Ronald Reagan
Flattery is what makes husbands out of bachelors. -- Ronald Reagan
Today if someone offered us the world on a silver platter, most of us would take the platter. -- Ronald Reagan
Risk and luck are doppelgangers. -- Morgan Housel
Patience is not passive, on the contrary, it is concentrated strength. -- Bruce Lee
To attract something that you want, become as joyful as you think that thing would make you. -- Martha Beck
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are. -- Chinese proverb
If we could see the whole truth of any situation, our only response would be one of compassion. -- Yongey Mingyur Rinpoche
the habit of despair is worse than despair itself. -- Albert Camus
A great challenge of life: Knowing enough to think you are right, but not knowing enough to know you are wrong. -- Neil deGrasse Tyson
The purpose of the margin of safety is to render the forecast unnecessary. -- Benjamin Graham
Things that have never happened before happen all the time. -- Scott Sagan